Original Response:
sweet. Damn the Chinese!
All participants should be able to decide individually whether they wish to honour China in this 'ceremony'. I wonder how many will have such principle?
Wait till they find out what's going on in Iraq!
I wonder how many countries would boycott the Olympics if the US were hosting it again ...
You mean Israel? The Jewish lobby is responsible for most of the US Foreign Policy.

So if Israel hosted the Olympics I'm pretty sure no one would even go. Forget a boycott people will pretend there are no Olympics.
I don't think the taxpayer should pay for the Olympic games (or any sports), so let's just leave it up the private sponsors ...
what the hell are you talking about
[deleted]
I support having the Olympics only so that the John Titor people will finally shut up.
this is not an official position.

edit : more precisely, Kouchner is a minister but from the opposite side of the government, which gives him more or less the rigth to express himself independently of official positions.
Good for them.  France always gets it right.
Seems like a great way to embarrass the Chinese who are so proud of these Olympics without dealing a devastating blow to the athletes who trained for this (which is why I don't support countries boycotting the Olympics as a political tool)
Wait, are they talking about boycotting only the opening ceremony?  Isn't that like boycotting a contraversial TV program by refusing to watch the opening sequence/theme song?

I happen to hold no misgivings towards France.  Any real historian knows there would be no USA like we know it without France.  Any french hater should go ahead and visit France on July 4th.  The older generations hold parades and celebrations replete with US flag waving and all the rest.  I was there in 1997 and was overwhelmed.  But I digress.

To the point - a boycott of the opening ceremonies is no boycott at all.  If I watched the olympics I would boycott it this year but since I find it intolerable and dull  I'll just post around here.

edit: A return to english.
As an athlete training for the Olympics (US team in Sculling) it frustrates me to no end when people talk about boycotting the Olympics.
Its easy say you'd boycott when you've dedicated nothing to the Olympic dream, and truly have no idea what the Olympics are about.
So what you're saying is the fleeting glory you'd get from wearing a medal around your neck is more important than ending the suffering of the people of Tibet.
[deleted]
White people, the ultimate hypocrites.

Did anyone boycott American olympics after the wholesale slaughter of millions of Vietnamese and Koreans?
Doesn't make a difference to white people, they just like hating Asians.
This is poorly titled
[deleted]
I was wondering how you were going to link this article to Israel somehow. China abusing people in Tibet? It's obviously Israel's fault!
White people have an unexplainable fascination with Tibet.  It's really bizarre.
Um, the IOC? Check out the film "Five Ring Circus" - it's about Vancouver getting fucked by the Olympic committee.
They should have.
Good luck participating in another Olympics after your lungs are full of soot.
Eh it is still a fairly major snub. I mean who really cares where the running takes place? The ceremony is probably the most localized part of having the Olympics in your country.

Besides if you back out of the entire thing, you've no more bargaining chips.
Yeah, brought to you by Vancouver's very own APC...  Give it a rest.  Vancouver wanted the Olympics.  The obligations of a hosting nation are spelled out.

There's been olympics for over 100 years now...  Let's be realistic for a second and realize that it's fairly routine what happens and there isn't too many surprises.
You think boycotting the Olympics will do anything? haha
The next time America hosted the games was 1984, about a decade after the Vietnam War ended. So boycotting them would have done little good at that point.
Empty gesture without boycotting the rest of the Olympics.  China still gets its tourist cash.
You know what, I have to say fuck you to people who say stuff like that.

The athletes don't have any real say on where the olympics are held and it's not fair or right to force politics on them.

An athelete may have just one olympics to shine on a world stage given the nature of some sports and the four year gap. A boycotted olympics can ruin their one chance at a place in the spotlight in front of a world audience. 

No this "medal around your neck" may not mean much to you, but for millions worldwide, some in appauling poverty, it represents hope and a chance for anyone to prove they can be the best in the world at a sport.

The Olympics is about the atheletes. It's not about the policies of the country hosting it and it sickens me whenever people try to abuse the spotlight it presents for cheap political shots.

You want a country to stop abusing human rights? How about you restrict trade to them? how about you keep fucking politics to politicians rather than sabotaging the careers of young hopefuls. The olympics happen once every four years, the political process happens all the time.
modded you up and I hope more people do the same. It's important to remember the olympics can represent a once in a lifetime chance for some people. To hijack their chances with political point scoring is something that gets me incredibly angry.
I agree. I will not be watching any Olympic related events this year. 

I only wish that some big name athletes would take the lead and boycott this year's Olympics. It would be great to see others follow suit and have a big impact. This would make them real heroes in the historic sense.

Sadly, most people are more worried about the short term impact to their athletic careers.
My main point of curiosity: will you be eating the food and drinking the water in China or will you be bringing your own?

Also, will you be wearing any protective breathing mask?
With priorities like that you must be one of those 'sporting heroes' I keep hearing about. The ones who get supported by huge amounts of public money so nations can engage in a global pissing contest. You guys really are excellent role models for kids, with your corporate sponsorship and drug cheats - nothing but glorified race horses dressed in national colours.
Voting down just because it was submitted by an idiot...
Yeah the last thing you want to teach kids is that they can get become rich and famous through sport! We should just tell them not to bother and stay indoors!
Fucking idiots.
'short term'

A large portion of the athletes participating will only have 1 olympics where they have a shot. 4 years for some sports is a huge gap and you'll possibly never be able to regain the form you had, especially in the more intensive sports.
I thought the French only joined up with America after we won at Ticonderoga? Meaning, they were just band wagon jumpers.
No they shouldn't

Because the second you go public with something like that it's no longer a choice. If your team mates boycott, you'll have to too unless you want to be demonised by them and the public.

Athletes are there to compete, not to act as tools for their nation's politicians.
Well the idea is that the tax and revenue money the Olympics and other sports will bring in will be greater than what was payed: They consider it an investment.
Vancouver isn't very happy with the Olympics now. They're building a crippled mass transit line...
But they didn't. 

1996 Atlanta games, where was the outrage for 500k dead Iraqi children? There was none.

Fucking ugly hypocrisy.
And which media outlet fed you this crap, sir?
I love Asians!..er, well Asian women. Is that wrong to say? If so then I don't care. Because I find them highly attractive.
who gives a fuck about the olympics anyway? am i the only one who couldn't give a shit?
Um... walking through the cities of Beijing and Shanghai fed me that crap. Literally.
[Because athletes have never done anything political when partaking in the olympics?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1968_Olympics_Black_Power_salute)
China gives a fuck. That's the idea.
When was the last time you walked through Beijing?
You mean the fort America Abandoned 2 years later after an English attack? 
Yeah, right. The revolutionaries didn't need any help, France were just bandwagon jumpers. The (almost) millennium of war between France and England had nothing to do with it.
Cornwallis probably would not have surrendered when he did if it weren't for the French, meaning the Revolutionary War might have gone on much longer and the outcome may have been entirely different. Thus, America owes a lot to France. I'm an American, I recognize that significance. So should you.
Last September, after taking the ferry from Incheon to Tianjin.
[deleted]
Look, I'm just telling you what I thought happened, or what we learned. Care to elaborate about the nature of the French during the revolution?
I'm not trying to be a jerk about it, that's really what I learned, that the French joined so late, that it didn't matter. I phrased it caustically, but it is what I learned.
Agreed. The Olympics should be about amatuer athletes and their struggles and achievements, not political statements. Yes, I know that they represent their nations. As an American, I can say that I'm proud of my nation without agreeing with the actions of it's political leaders.

To most of these athletes, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity. Political devisions ruin enough of the human experience. Injecting it on these young people is just cruel.
Well that speaks volumes about our unilateral education. France was aiding us far before they sent the bulk of their military support, anyway.
I'm not an expert by any measure, all I know is that the revolutionaries would have had a hell of a job gaining any kind of victory without the French, and that frankly you should appreciative of it.

Sorry for being a bit sharp-tongued, but the whole anti-French sentiment in America pisses me off.
A boycott against the ceremony? But then after that technicality, we'll all still be attending the actual events, right? I could probably get on board with a token gesture like that.
Boycotting won't end anything but these athlete's dreams. No skin off your nose though, huh?
Lies. Lies and slander!

But yeah, we still have some bad days, especially when construction dust and car exhaust levels get high. I've had one or two nights that I had to close the windows due to the smell of what, sulfer? Whatever it was, I don't particularly want that in my lungs.

But with some of the most polluting factories closed and car traffic cut by ~40%, I wouldn't expect the athletes to experience such problems. If those measures don't have the desired effect, I'm confident Beijing would take the more extreme step of suspending production in the remaining factories.
[deleted]
Whatever it is, an Olympic Gold is still the athletic equivalent of a Nobel or Pulitzer.
[deleted]
How do I know this isn't just more Jewish propaganda? anyways.. fuck china.
[deleted]
Have you given up your cheap consumer goods for the sake of boycotting China. If not, shut up- not only is a trade boycott *way* more effective, it is also a much lesser sacrifice than giving up a lifetime goal.
That's a pretty expensive Olympics, then.

I had a hard time breathing - but on the other hand, I've grown up near the real Olympics (the mountain range), where the air is close to the clearest in the world, so I'm not exactly used to pollution.

Granted, I'm also a cyclist, and there is no way I could have raced there.
[deleted]
Have you given up buying all cheap consumer goods made in China? Or made by companies owned by Chinese investors? You must be one of those truly humanitarian people I hear of, with your inane, insulting and anonymous comments making a real lasting difference for the people in Tibet.
I live in Calgary, and man am I glad we had the Olympics 2 decades ago. Not only did it bring good economic and infrastructure development, but I also now have a ski hill 15 minutes from my house.
[deleted]
Wow, they actually had the GAUL to do it!
The French had been at odds with the English LONG before we ever went to war with them. The jokes on them though, I guess, since we're best buddies with the English now. Maybe that's why they're so snotty towards us.
If not for the Olympics, that infrastructure development would have cost less, eh?
[deleted]
[deleted]
remember those "EXTREME" guys from Harold &amp; Kumar?

I bet they play halo.
I'm at a loss on how to respond. That is amazingly cynical and sad.
[deleted]
Crippled?  It's a great idea and there's more in the planning.  A North-South line is a great idea.  An Airport Connection is super popular in San Francisco...  There's always skeptics everywhere, but investing in rapid transit is a good idea - they're improving coverage to an area without coverage.
You better be nice to our owners.
"Calling" for a boycott and "raising the idea" of a boycott are not the same thing.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I write for the Seattle Transit Blog - I'm extremely pro-transit.

The system they're building has platforms for only two-car trains. It'll be overwhelmed in less than a decade, with a multibillion dollar cost to expand (which will be necessary). Ever been on Skytrain after a game at BC Place with only a two-car train? Imagine that.
"Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner" and France are not interchangeable, either.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
And you would screw your athletes over as well.
Why is it that the french are still labelled with the WWII capitulation; when recently they seem to be the only country with the balls to call 'bullshit'?
yeah, that's a good reason to only boycott the ceremony.  

btw, fwiw, i've been privy to a good deal of the censoring that's going with regards to curators selecting artists to accompany the ceremony.  it's elegant and subtle.  basically, just offending artists' sensibilities until they refuse to participate, while simultaneously evoking sympathy for the curators.  E.g.  "I can put any of your pieces into the show, but I might get in trouble for them."   wrt "I might get in trouble," ymmv!
Nice strawman, can you build it higher? The key difference is nobody is calling me a hero or a role model, showering me with ticker tape and tax dollars. One step to put political pressure on China over its actions in Tibet is to boycott the Olympics. Or you could just focus on your Olympic wet dream. Which is the moral position?
but not De Gaulle.. trudeau wouldn't go around france saying vive le basque libre! sti trou d'cul.
Yeah instead let's teach kids that the fastest dog on the track is a role model to other dogs. Because that dog runs the fastest he is a national hero. We should spend tax dollars on buildings devoted to running dogs. We should ignore the opportunity to put pressure on countries committing human rights abuses because the dog worked hard and he has an Olympic dream to be the best running dog in the world for his country. Great lesson.
A pox on both their houses!

Before the Chinese, Tibet was ruled by an oppressive theocracy. Previous Dalai Lamas were not as sweet and cuddly as this one!

I see no reason for the world to get involved to support one tyranny over another.
Sorry to jump in on this wonderful political debate.  One way or another good luck in August.
boycott china, not the olympics.

Boytcott things made in china, boycott their exports, stop selilng the chinese government things.

Don't just go ahead and end the athletes desire to represent their country so that you can feel a little bit special because you did something that was oh so noble. Don't make others suffer on your behalf.
I've read they're 40m and they're easily expandable to 50m.  It's interesting that they went with an incompatible platform - I think it's a bad move too...  Bombardier was already set up to manufacture the cars here locally...  

Truth is though, it's still a worthwhile endeaver despite the hiccups along the way.  The evergreen line coming in 2011 though is a big waste of money IMO.
the Olympics are the only thing China has that we can boycott without crippling ourselves in the process.

But in all seriousness, just having the athletes sit out on the opening ceremony would be powerful in itself.  not only is it symbolic, but that's also the most attended event of the Olympics.  You miss out on being there, but I should hope that youre going to compete, and not to be on TV.
First, no, most of the platforms are 40m. The idea was toyed with of simply not opening the last doors on cars stopping at 40m platforms, but safety concerns nixed the plan. 10m extra isn't that much, either - in Seattle, we're building all platforms with a minimum length of 120m. Seattle is less dense with fewer potential riders, and we're expecting high loads on four car trains.

The evergreen line has recently received a review suggesting that it should be built as skytrain - so no, I don't think it'll be a waste of money at all. They didn't build that dead-end spur on Millennium Line for nothing, you know.
I lived there for half a year in the 5th ring near the airport. An avid runner in the States, I tried running a few times, only to find myself panting after 4 or 5 miles with sore lungs. I would regularly wake up the next morning coughing up black phlegm. It's not exactly "walking through Beijing," but I won't be surprised to hear similar reports during the Olympics.
It's not them having balls, it's just that the French like to compain and make a fuss. About anything. Daily business for them it just was good timing this time around.
Maybe we should, but I thought the Olympics were supposed to be that one time when we put this kind of stuff aside.
Frankly, I'm surprised.
None. The US isn't afraid of using sanctions on countries that oppose them. You do want to trade with the US, I assume?
The US would impose sanctions on a country just because people didn't turn up to play some games?
[deleted]
Quite probably.
Too early. They should have threatened this but waited till much later before calling for a boycott. Now that they've done this, a lot of bargaining power is lost.
I'm calling for a boycott on french people
Why boycott when you can always surrender?
That's cool.  Yao Ming needs the rest anyway.
&gt; You do want to trade with the US, I assume?

Not really, they don't produce anything anymore and their money is falling down to the value of toilet paper. The kind of toilet paper you can't even wipe yourself with.
&gt; 1996 Atlanta games, where was the outrage for 500k dead Iraqi children? There was none.

Those from the UN-backed world-backed Gulf War 1 and following sanctions?
[deleted]
If a foreign government advised people to boycott travelling to the US because of human rights issues, yes, the US would definitely criticize that country and probably impose trade sanctions on that country.

We are talking about the same country that barred Russia from the WTO unless they shut down a legally run website that the RIAA disapproved of.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ah, UN backing makes it all shiny and acceptable. My bad.
Yay France!
it's not an issue of boycott, but an issue of what olympics is.
For starters, they blockaded the British navy, which helped.  Also, remember that Washington never defeated the British in the field.  Yorktown was basically a French victory.
No, it means that the other nations could hardly boycott Atlanta on that basis, as they were party in GW1 and the sanctions.
How can you seriously compare the US with China in this way?

You don't think the human rights you take for granted should be extended to a quarter of the world's population? You think the problems internally and in foreign policy that the US has is *at all* commensurate, or even of a kind, with China?

Tell me. I'm baffled by you.
Sure, the US is so brave. "Daring" to attack a third world country and then getting pwned. Congrats!
[The French](http://exile.ru/articles/detail.php?ARTICLE_ID=7061&amp;IBLOCK_ID=35) By Gary Brecher (probably a pseudonym of John Dolan).
How many Iraqi civilians have died as a result of the US occupation?
[deleted]
As a result of the US occupation? How do you die from an occupation? Not many. As a result of being blown up by their fellow Iraqis? Quite a few.

By the way, as I'm from the UK, you may wish to  modify your claims with regard to an international involvement.

what's the China take on this, by the way?
Yeah, I wasn't trying to mindlessly bash the French, in all honesty, I learned that their impact was minimal. I guess I was wrong.

But here's irony for ya. He goes on and on about how much deplores ignorance and dishonesty and then he syas

&gt;That time around they managed to burn Washington DC to the ground while they were at it. How come you web jerks never mention that

Wasn't it Canadian forces?

Also may I say, thanks, that was a fascinating article.
Just those who have been killed by US bombs and bullets ...
The total number of civilian casualties in Iraq  as a result of the occupation now stands at around 85,000. http://www.iraqbodycount.org/
Yes, they've been killed by US forces.

Again, you're not mentioning, say, UK forces. I don't know if that's because you want to make the US out to be uniquely bad. I suppose that's going to be your sleight here.

what does this have to do with China? I'm asking agian and I'm supposing you'll ignore my question because your moral compass is shot to fuck.
And what do you conclude from that?
UK (and others who shouln't be in Iraq) have also killed civilians, but a tiny proportion compared to those killed by the US.

Some are calling for a boycott of the Chinese Olympics because it is occupying Tibet and maybe a 100 or so people have been killed in conflict there. Now compare that situation to Iraq.
That the US bears responsibility for the current situation in Iraq due to its military aggression and continued occupation.
The British forces that were under the command of folks like Brock in the Michigan, Ontario and Western New York area (The Brits burned Buffalo to the ground at that time) would primarily have been Canadian forces.  Though, with a good number of English Officers.  

But the forces that went into Washington and attacked Baltimore were, I believe, British Navy Regulars.  

Of course, all this depends on what the definition of "British" you are using -- remembering that Canada didn't come into official existence until 1867.  Of course, there was the Province of Canada before that, and before that Upper and Lower Canada (Ontario and Quebec).  But, I believe, they would have thought of themselves as British in some official sense.
They should probably burn Buffalo down again. There's no need for that town.
A woman was very distraught over the fact that she had not had a date 
for over 5 years. She was afraid she might have something wrong with her 
so she decided to seek the medical expertise of the well known Chinese 
sex therapist, Dr Chang. 
 
Upon entering the examination room, Dr. Chang said, 'OK, take off all 
your crose.' The woman did as she was told. 
 
'Now, get down and craw reery, reery fass to odder side of room.' Again, 
the woman did as she was instructed. Dr. Chang then said, 'OK, now craw 
reery, reery fass back to me.' As she did, Dr. Chang shook his head 
slowly. 'Your probrem vewy bad. You have Ed Zachary Disease. Worse case I ever see. Dat why you not haf dates.' 
 
The woman asked anxiously, 'Oh my God, Dr. Chang, what is Ed Zachary 
Disease?' 
 
Dr. Chang sighed deeply and replied, 'Ed Zachary Disease is when your 
face look Ed Zachary like your ass.'
So? This is bigger than winning some medals.
[deleted]
Didn't you know that [white people](http://stuffwhitepeoplelike.wordpress.com/2008/02/07/58-japan/) like Japan?
Freedom Fries!
&gt;*but a tiny proportion compared to those killed by the US.*

Any idea what the figures are for that? I've never seen it broken down. 

&gt;*Some are calling for a boycott of the Chinese Olympics because it is occupying Tibet and maybe a 100 or so people have been killed in conflict there*

If you think that that Chinese regime has been responsible for the deaths of only 100 people then I think you're a bit misinformed.

&gt;*Now compare that situation to Iraq.*

Now a democracy, with a security situation made nasty by terrorists who enjoy sawing off the heads of Westerners?

What are we comparing? The coalition's intention in bringing democracy to Iraq compared with China's intention in Tibet?
&gt;*the US bears responsibility for the current situation in Iraq*

And the terrorists? do they bear some responsibility?

how about the Uk? You keep talking only about the US despite my reminders. Why do you keep doing that?


&gt;*continued occupation*


It may be an upalatable fact for you to consider but the democratically elected Government of Iraq want the coalition forces there.
Nothing will bring the dead men back; that loss if permanent. Freedom is an idea worth laying life for, and for that, I support France. More should be done... but I don't know what would it be.
Our money already is technically valueless.  All fiat money is.  The tech bubble saw thousands of companies get their stock overvalued because everyone was caught up in the "dream" of the internet.  Many of these companies went public long before they were ready (Netscape, for example, went public despite having never posted a profit).  The problem?  People assigned value where there was none, and when they realized that these companies had no actual value, they pull their money out of it.

Currency is the same way.  The only reason it's valuable is because certain people give it arbitrary value.  Even a gold-backed dollar has this same problem.  The only reason gold is so valuable is simply because we say it is.
&gt; Currency is the same way. The only reason it's valuable is because certain people give it arbitrary value. Even a gold-backed dollar has this same problem. The only reason gold is so valuable is simply because we say it is.

So?
A total boycott will only harm the sportsman, a person who work all his life for 2 or 3 Olympics games, that's not fair to tell him to lose 4 years of his life, they should not support all the burden of boycott while others do nothing.
And the most important thing is to respect the people of china, [look at this video it's what they think about tibet](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9QNKB34cJo). A boycott won't be effective, maybe a subtle messages written in Chinese (not English, the goal is not to make you look cool for international audience) about Tibet.
"The French", "The Germans", "The Americans", "The white", "The black", "The muslims"... God I hate generalizations like these; they're never right either. They're merely identities of cultures at best (often not even that due to the mixing of cultures that has been going on globally since decades ago), not the wide ranging beliefs of the individuals.

The only good they serve is to help others easily identify the idiots in society that are stupid enough to use them, so only in that sense, I'm grateful.
[deleted]
What does that have to do with Tibet?

Leave it up to fanatics to always insert their cause du jour from the comfort of their computer chairs.
It's a shame you're getting downmods.  Some people here hate America so much they have to talk about it whenever an unrelated injustice is occurring.
&gt;UK (and others who shouln't be in Iraq)

So Saddam should still be in Iraq, threatening its neighbors, torturing its people, and funding terrorism.

Your stance is quite clear.  Leave the dictators alone to do their thing.  People only suffer under the ol' stars and stripes.  We get it already.
1984 LA was boycotted by quite a few countries.
I think I'm going to boycott this site for the stupid things you will say in the future.
[deleted]
I agree.  Don't eat lead from China!
To compare the Dalai Lama to Mao is the highest ignorance.  Read a book, Sir.

The Dalai Lama is committed to enacting a democratic constitution for his homeland.  China only wants blood.  Choose your enemies wisely.
[deleted]
Your anger and hatred is misplaced.  Should you be blamed now for things you did as a child?  Where are these feelings for Mao? 

China has wholesale slaughtered millions of people over thousands of years and you want to pick on the spiritual leader of barely a million people?  You must have a lot of yuan in your pocket.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Boycott the Olympics altogether. Otherwise it is just a repeat of Olympics in Nazi Germany, or in Moscow 1980. This is completely opposite of what Olympic movement should stand for.
I can't name a single one.
Eh, Fuck France - the worst colonial power in history, still keeping hold of a dozen unwilling territories across the world, and with French West Africa kept firmly under it's thumb via the cynical CeFA currency - almost without exception, any post-French colony is now a basket case. And let's not forget the nuclear tests in the South Pacific, and the sinking (and murder) on the Rainbow Warrior, nor the billions in military aid provided to Saddam Hussein for decades, which he used to purchase French weapons, jets, missiles, and attack helicopters... the men make good waiters and the women make good whores, but they're about the last nation I'd listen to for moral direction.
They know all about it, since they sold Saddam all his missiles, jets, and attack helicopters and supplied many times more in military aid than the US and UK combined for years and years - which is why they got so shitty when the US and UK proposed to take him out.
Then keep on posting.
Trading with the US is fucking awesome. All we do is buy your stuff, and we sell you nothing. 

What could possibly go wrong with that?
You'd think.  Let's post off-topic so we can change the world from right here in our shortpants!  Yee haw!
[deleted]
I'm so torn... normally I'd just say that France sucks... but I actually agree with them here.

My head hurts.
OK, let me clarify something about training for the Olympics... I'm not making any money. I'm a rower, there is no money in the sport. I pay for my equipment, my training, my coaching, my travel, and i work a 45 hour work week to pay for this, and train 30-35 hours per week, and I've been doing this for 6 years. so just don't hold the misconception that Olympic athletes are pampered sports stars, or that we do it for the money or the fame.
The reason the Evergreen line is a waste of money is that area already has got two commuter rail stations, yet places like Langley, Abbotsford,and White rock have no viable rapid transit available to them...

The building of that line is purely political - in order to build the Millennium line Coquitlam forced Translink to commit to the Evergreen line.   

Interesting note about the platform sizes although I don't necessarily agree with you on the growth...   The Olympics will be a good acid test I think for its future growth problems...
[deleted]
&gt; If a foreign government advised people to boycott travelling to the US because of human rights issues, yes, the US would definitely criticize that country and probably impose trade sanctions on that country.

Haha, good one. Actually, it's the other way round. The US imposes sanctions *by default*, and forces us to boycott it in response, even if we don't actually want to.

As a simple example, a European who wants to travel to the US has to disclose to the US authorities more sensitive private information than he'd ever had to disclose to the authorities of his own country even if he were a criminal on trial.

Fuck, I have to disclose *all my credit cards' details* to the US authorities, in plain text, if I want to travel to the US.

As a result, Europeans have no intention whatsoever to travel to the US unless they really must.

So, it's not us who boycott the US and then get sanctioned. It's the US who treats us like crap and thus forces us to boycott them.

We don't act like spoiled little children though and rename "American Beauty" in "Freedom Beauty", or ask you to return the Statue of Liberty back to Europe.
His name is Henry Paulson.
Speaking for a nation to a nation is the opposite of being progressive.  Its the personification of fascism.

For shame, Eurotrash.  For shame.
About Opening Ceremonies: Many Athletes don't attend the opening ceremony, and likely wont attend in China. not for political reasons, but for performance reasons. Opening ceremonies for the athletes are an all day event, athletes typically stand for the entire ceremony. If an athletes event is early in the schedule its not worth risking any loss of performance to attend. If athletes don't show at the ceremonies, don't assume its for political reasons. just my 2 cents.
&gt; Speaking for a nation to a nation is the opposite of being progressive. Its the personification of fascism.
&gt;
&gt; For shame, Eurotrash. For shame.

Post this on the top level, then. Speaking for a nation to a nation is what everybody’s doing here, including the original post. And that’s not personification of fascism, but merely a figure of speech. 

In less than 25 words you managed to confuse metonymy with fascism, Europe with a nation, and “its” with “it’s”. You fail, trash. You fail.
Well, he is not Iraqi and he is still alive. So, what's your point?
Straw man FTL.  My reply was written in less than 10 seconds... attacking me/the way I wrote it and avoiding the concepts is a clever diversion but a logical fallacy.

My objection was with your quote: 
"We don't act like spoiled little children though and rename "American Beauty" in "Freedom Beauty", or ask you to return the Statue of Liberty back to Europe."

And I stand by it.  You think that the 70 year old men who re-named French Fries to Freedom Fries represent Americans?  Isn't it more likely that they represent our entrenched aristocrats?
You already were.
Finally, somebody took the logical and moral step.
the US should also boycott the Olympics... but we won't! George W. McWar is CELEBRATING today.
Neither is "Tibet" and "a few thousand angry protestors".
I, for one, can assure everyone here that I will not be going to the Olympix. Or even watching them on TV. Of course, I also don't have any TV reception, and probably couldn't afford to go, but I hope my gesture isn't taken to be as empty as it clearly might be.
So?  That means the Euro, the Yen, the Pound, etc.... are just as valueless.
the way i see it is, thousands of people who aren't afraid to speak and have no consequence of doing so will be flocking to the country.  China can't control one little harmless popstar from speaking out publicly, let alone thousands of foreigners.  You can't expect change if you isolate and let them go about their own business.
I thnik it's funny that the entire world can get pissed off about tibet, but the fact that the place the Olympics is being held was largely built off the backs of slave labor doesn't make a difference. Same with Dubai...everyone oohhs and aahhs over the architecture, but no one seems to care it was built off of foreign labor lured there and then not allowed to leave.
everyone knows how hard the athletes have trained and how much this means to them &amp; this is why boycotting would be such a strong statement.  To boycott there would be a real act of selflessness - putting the needs of Tibetans over themselves.  I'm not saying they have to do it &amp; will understand if they don't.  But I sure will be moved if they do.  And so will others.
If some guys in dark suit turn up and start pounding your door be nice to them. Please.
Yeah, they are Mormons.
Who gives a fuck about the Olympics?  Are you that ignorant?

&gt; In Sydney in 2000 there were over 16,000 broadcasters and journalists, and an estimated 3.8 billion viewers watched the games on television.
How about everyone changes their national anthem to Hawkwind's "Tibet Is Not China" for the duration of the games?
[deleted]
Would you like some freedom fries with that rant?
*How about we not be rude, please?  It's not like I'm going to call you self-righteous or anything but you are being sort of rude towards China.  You remind me of this troll-guy I used to know, a Mr. But There Were Weapons in Iraq I think.  You know, sort of really rude?
This is absolute bullshit, countries should never let politics stand in the way of the Olympic games. Athletes train their entire lives just for the chance to compete in these games that occur once every four years. If your country doesn't go to the games, you get the shaft.
I'm all for protesting the actions going on in Tibet but this isn't the way to do it.
No, it merely means that they're intrinsically valueless. But nobody considers the intrinsic value of currencies.
Haha and the bastards got virtually nothing out of it after Napoleon sold off Louisiana. Also we gave them a stern beating in Asia and saw to their ambitions in Sudan. 

I mean...sorry World for all that imperialism business won't happen again, well...not as much anyway. But not saying sorry to the French, NEVER!
Better idea: Go to the Olympics.  Win.  Wave a Tibetan flag on TV.  

Maybe a Taiwanese flag too...
Over Tibet!? Not to say that isn't a more than valid reason, but why not boycott over all the human rights violations China has been involved in for decades? Who the hell are these Olympics officials who think it's ok to host the international Olympics in such a currently disgraceful country. In that case why not __fill_in_murderous_nation_.
Good
What have you really done to "ending the suffering of the people of Tibet"? I don't see your scarcasim or boycotting the Olympics in this matter would really help much.
How about start a little action from yourself and stop buying stuff "Made in China"?
I'm not feeling self-righteous, nor have I ever been a 'Mr. But There Were Weapons in Iraq'. But then you wouldn't know that because we don't actually know each other, do we?


Guess you won't be holding out for the new track "Taiwan Is Not China Either" then?


Focus on your own issues. Your mother is disappointed in you.
Over thousands of years... ok there. Which country hasn't?

You think conditions in Tibet now are worse than what they were when the monks ruled the land?  Hah!
*Hey, no need for diatribes, especially considering how it looks like you didn't even read my comment... fully.  

And don't you talk to me about my mother.  She's a nice lady.  I won't talk to you about Chinese domestic policy and you don't talk to me about my mother.
We've all seen the blog by now.
I don't know who you think I am, but that was my first ever comment on *anything* remotely related to Chinese policy, foreign or domestic.

Now that you've brought my attention to it though, I'd like to go record as saying that China **is** all wrong in its foreign policy  in this case (as well as with Taiwan).

**Now** I feel justifiably self-righteous. Thank you.
No point in thread crapping but it seems most of world is addicted to cheap Chienese goods. And hence noone is talking about cultural genocide going on in Tibet.
A well reasoned and scientific response.
In related news:  France Surrenders.
But it's reddit, we must write headlines that are more sensational than Fox News!!!
*...

Okay.
If not for the Olympics, I doubt we would've even gotten most of it.
I don't care much about the hill- I'm all about the park, and COP has one of the best parks I've ever seen- certainly better than Sunshine and Lake Louis. And its also a fun place to mountain bike. Oh, and Louis takes over 60 minutes, Sunshine over 90.

Also, you can't tell me that millions and millions and millions of dollars infused into a city and surrounding area don't do great things for a local economy. And don't forget the timing of the Olympics- just after the National Energy Program, when the oil/gas industry was *really* hurting.

Finally, much of Calgary's current economic development is largely due to the quality of life in the city- for many reasons, Calgary is a very desirable city to live in for many. A large reason for this, I would argue, is because of infrastructure (such as city facilities, housing, athletic places, and especially transit) brought in for the olypmics.

Just out of curiosity- do you even live in Calgary? If so, were you around in the late 80's/early 90's?
Look if rowing is your thing and that is what you want to do then more power to you. But if that is the case then I think you should be pretty happy with competing in other international rowing competitions which aren't in China. The Olympics are all about fame and money. The TV rights are worth hundreds of millions. The medalists get corporate sponsorship and motivational speaking gigs. Countries keep score against each other in terms of medals. In my country millions and millions are spent on sports institutes etc and I would find it hard to believe if the US didn't do the same.     
I understand athletes make huge personal commitments to be the best at what they do. I'll even concede the Olympics could work as a forum for international cooperation and partnership (although I would argue it hasn't developed that way). But some things are bigger than sport. And the political development of China is going to be one of the biggest issues this century. 

Anyway good luck with your efforts, whatever you decide to do. And my apologies for my initial comment, it was a bit harsh.
How much political pressure it one athlete boycotting going to put on China. Hmmm, I'd say absolutely none. I doubt they'd ever hear about it.
as ffrrow said, how do you get any more pro than the olympics in the vast majority of the sports? And I'd hardly call any olympic athlete an under achiever, especially the vast majority of them who work full-time jobs and a half as well as training full time. Also, how isn't it like a Nobel or Pulitzer? It goes to the best athlete in a sport.
Then did you need it?
stop it!

you're making the tibet-lovers second guess their self-righteousness.

that's like, bad for your karma dude
dont shoot them, bro.
Define need. Would people have died or lost their livelihoods without it? No. However, we would have even less housing than we have, our transit system would've been even more crippled than it is now, we would've had very few athletic training facilities, and the city's main entertainment/celebration/mass gathering venues would be nonexistent. The city wouldn't of died without it, of course, but the infrastructure went *very* far in improving the lives of Calgarians, and thus were key in the great economic growth we have enjoyed. Over all, I think the olympics were a *great* thing for the city, and I've never heard another Calgarian with the opposite opinion.
Yeah, but come on...it's France.
[deleted]
&gt; A boycotted olympics can ruin their one chance at a place in the spotlight in front of a world audience.

Of course, the Tibetans that were shot in the face won't have much future opportunity, either.

Nobody called for a boycott of *the Olympics*.
isn't it the other way around?
Yeah individual athletes making political statements rarely achieve any news coverage. Not! 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1968_Olympics_Black_Power_salute

Now if more athletes did stuff like that. I would find the olympic games much more agreeable. As it is a lot of countries are getting their people to sign contracts saying they won't make political statements during the games. Says a lot about what is really going on.
There's always a moron to bring that up.

1984 LA was boycotted by the Soviet Union and the countries the Soviet Union had tanks in also decided it best not to show up.

To suggest this was the decision of "quite a few countries" is delusional at best.
Speaking of strawmen...

An athlete on the podium making a statement is *way* different than an athlete boycotting. If Tommie Smith had protested black poverty by not attending the olympics, how large an effect do you think he might of had? I doubt much.

If a lone athlete boycotts the olympics, I don't think anyone (especially in China) is going to notice. On the other hand, if a lone athlete somehow manages to get a "free tibet" t-shirt on the gold spot of the podium, *then* he might be noticed. 

Of course, a symbolic protest is never going to hurt near as much as an economic one. Even if a whole (and major) country boycotted the Olympics, that would be minor compared to a significant amount of consumers boycotting Chinese goods and companies.
You know, Evergreen Line helps more than just the people who want to go to Waterfront station. It means no transfer or one fewer transfer for thousands of people.

I actually *study* urban planning. Believe me, 40m platform lengths are nowhere near what's needed in the Cambie corridor, especially with that Yaletown stop and with all the construction near Broadway, and also with the expected SkyTrain extension from VCC-Clark to UBC. You need double that capacity, just as we have on SkyTrain during rush hour.

Also note that headways are limited because of the Richmond split at the end of the line.
That's okay. You have your opinions, I have mine.

I love you and I forgive you.
*Well, all right.  Love you too, buddy boy.
Like buying your useless and crappy junk that you made "with pride"?
Vista anyone?
It was only for you, pet, and I knew you'd need to make reference to it.

Just FYI, I'm almost certainly at least twice your age, but I have no issue with being addressed as 'boy' by you. It's rather amusing.

I realise that you'll need to have the last word so this will be my final post. Good night.

**Tibet Is Not China**
I didn't register any commitment to protest from the individual concerned, or any political sentiment one way or the other. That sort of thing doesn't fit in with the 'olympic dream'. If he was going with the intenetion of protesting then good luck to him. I'm hoping someone does have the balls to protest. But watch for the 'switch to another event at the first sign of trouble' clause in the TV rights contracts your 'free media' signed up to.
*:(
Forget TV- I'll bet you Olympic "security" is too tight for a protest to happen in the first place. And if your "Olympic dream" is simply to be the best in the world at your sport, or accomplish a goal you set as a kid, little political sentiment fits just fine. 

All I am trying to say it, would you give up one of your biggest dreams in order to make a very negligible protest? Especially if you put as much work and sacrifice into it as Olympic athletes do (not only training ridiculously much, but also often working multiple jobs to support your sport)? I doubt I would give up so much for a *very* nominal protest.
Wasn't that more of a retaliatory boycott in response to the 1980 boycott of Moscow?
[deleted]
Certainly. The official line of reason was very frail and had very little to do with US foreign policy.
Souvenir vendors alone will power their economy for the next 40 years.
A Geordie?
By residence. It was 'pet' that gave it away, wasn't it? :)

Summary:
boycott china, not the olympics.
what does this have to do with China?
it's not an issue of boycott, but an issue of what olympics is.
the US should also boycott the Olympics... but we won't!
I'm calling for a boycott on french people.
If so then I don't care.
I wonder how many countries would boycott the Olympics if the US were hosting it again ...
You think boycotting the Olympics will do anything?
And I stand by it.
I'm not making any money.
A boycott against the ceremony?
China abusing people in Tibet?
The Olympics is about the atheletes.
You do want to trade with the US, I assume?
yeah, that's a good reason to only boycott the ceremony.
If a lone athlete boycotts the olympics, I don't think anyone (especially in China) is going to notice.
How much political pressure it one athlete boycotting going to put on China.
Nobody called for a boycott of *the Olympics*.
The Olympics are all about fame and money.
I would find the olympic games much more agreeable.
Better idea: Go to the Olympics.
who gives a fuck about the olympics anyway?
&gt; You do want to trade with the US, I assume?
I don't know if that's because you want to make the US out to be uniquely bad.
I will not be watching any Olympic related events this year.
what's the China take on this, by the way?
I'm all for protesting the actions going on in Tibet but this isn't the way to do it.
So, it's not us who boycott the US and then get sanctioned.
The athletes don't have any real say on where the olympics are held and it's not fair or right to force politics on them.
You know what, I have to say fuck you to people who say stuff like that.
Yes, I know that they represent their nations.
One step to put political pressure on China over its actions in Tibet is to boycott the Olympics.
Says a lot about what is really going on.
the Olympics are the only thing China has that we can boycott without crippling ourselves in the process.
More should be done... but I don't know what would it be.
France always gets it right.
What does that have to do with Tibet?
About Opening Ceremonies: Many Athletes don't attend the opening ceremony, and likely wont attend in China.
isn't it the other way around?
I only wish that some big name athletes would take the lead and boycott this year's Olympics.
So if Israel hosted the Olympics I'm pretty sure no one would even go.
How can you seriously compare the US with China in this way?
I don't see your scarcasim or boycotting the Olympics in this matter would really help much.
Forget a boycott people will pretend there are no Olympics.
I guess I was wrong.
I think I'm going to boycott this site for the stupid things you will say in the future.
The US would impose sanctions on a country just because people didn't turn up to play some games?
So boycotting them would have done little good at that point.
But not saying sorry to the French, NEVER!
Boycotting won't end anything but these athlete's dreams.
You want a country to stop abusing human rights?
Who gives a fuck about the Olympics?
I mean who really cares where the running takes place?
It goes to the best athlete in a sport.
And you would screw your athletes over as well.
And don't you talk to me about my mother.
But There Were Weapons in Iraq I think.
The ceremony is probably the most localized part of having the Olympics in your country.
modded you up and I hope more people do the same.
If your country doesn't go to the games, you get the shaft.
As it is a lot of countries are getting their people to sign contracts saying they won't make political statements during the games.
not only is it symbolic, but that's also the most attended event of the Olympics.
You miss out on being there, but I should hope that youre going to compete, and not to be on TV.
It's not like I'm going to call you self-righteous or anything but you are being sort of rude towards China.
I'm not saying they have to do it &amp; will understand if they don't.
I suppose that's going to be your sleight here.
This is absolute bullshit, countries should never let politics stand in the way of the Olympic games.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.66
