Original Response:
We absolutely don't care about this country. Not enough of us anyway.  Because if we did we'd IMPEACH Bush and Cheney and these criminals in charge at the White House.
That's quite a stretch.
Yeah I know.  I'm just pissed off.  We could have rebuilt those levees to be some of the best in the world and brought back a vibrant New Orleans.  Instead we are wasting our money grabbing up a bunch of oil for Bush and his boys.  It gets to you after a while.
I wonder if the levee reconstruction was done by private companies, corrupt Bush and Cheney cronies.
They'll be the cronies of someone in the decision making process, that much is certain.
It's being handled by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the same folks who screwed up the original design and build of the floodwalls.
Here's a weird idea, but maybe if we stopped building cities beneath sea level we wouldn't have this problem...
The problem is, New Orleans was built a long time ago. We wouldn't build a city there now. But it was already there.
Well there's people left we didn't kill the first time....
No it's not. Especially if you expand the discussion to more than levees.
Whatever.  You hate Bush &amp; Co., that's fine for you.  Just don't expect everyone on reddit to be a sycophantic reactionary.
My understanding is that New Orleans has been sinking for the last century.  Other than that, I agree with you.
But the incredibly stupid part is we've known it was below sea level and  a potential disaster for a long time. So what do we do? We continue to develop and expand on it. When it floods, we repair the levies and rebuild the buildings. It's not just the levies that keep the city dry. Giant pumps must run 24 and 7 to keep it dry no matter how good the levies are.
So you don't think conspiracy, fraud, torture and murder are crimes?

Is the country is on the right track, Rick?
You know you're right.
Yeah, but in the system we have we can't force a city to stop growing, to die. Not when a half million people lived there and most of them loved it.
Unfortunately, the city was already dying before Katrina. It just didn't realize it. 

And the geology of New Orleans isn't homogeneous. The parts that sit on mushy soil was marshland backfilled for development. The historical, warehouse, and CBD sit on something more substantial.
Can't totally blame the Army Corps. Bush and Co gutted flood prevention funding so they could divert more money to the Iraq war:

&gt;The US Army Corps of Engineers, which maintains the levees, requested $27m ... for hurricane protection around the lake. President Bush tried to cut this to $3.9m, although Congress allowed $5.7m. The President also tried to cut $78m to improve drainage and prevent flooding in the city to $30m, though Congress passed $36.5m. A $14bn longer-term project to restore marshes was cut to $570m.

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/warnings-went-ignored-as-bush-slashed-flood-defence-budget-to-pay-for-wars-505500.html
&gt;but in the system we have we can't force a city to stop growing

It's irresponsible to build a city there. We dictate building codes everywhere. How a state can allow construction there in good conscience is beyond me.
But why are we subsidizing the people who live there?
&gt; *"It's irresponsible to build a city there."*

It was built when it was above sea level, for the 10th time.
Because New Orleans is an important port to the USA.
OooooooRrrrrraaaaaaahhhhhh!  
Corpse of Engineers!
Obviously $22 million dollars wasn't enough to fix this levee you penny pinching bastards.  This levee displaced thousands and thousands of people.  It's in the interest of the public that it be repaired.  But it's in the interest of a socially hostile elite that it not be, so that the $10 billion not spent go to the war and to tax cuts for the wealthy.

You know there are people with corporate ties at Homeland Security and FEMA are just hoping this levee will break and they can throw their arms up in the air and say "see it just wasn't meant to be" and force people out of New Orleans.  There are people in Homeland Security who would jump at the chance to be empowered to run the security needed to truck poor people to trailer camps across the country.
And Microsoft is an important American company but that doesn't mean it should be getting subsidies.
You have reached the office of President George W Bush, please allow up to 48 hours for us to contact you.
I think he's talking about *new* development.
CAN I HAZ WATERZ ?
I would say the same about fucking Los Angeles. They pump water in from the other side of the Rockies, and we keep building in the desert.
The taxpayer pays to subsidize the area, so that building in such a dangerous place is feasible, and then the taxpayer pays again once that dangerous area gets whacked by what *should have been* a deterrent.

Big government at work, folks.
I thought that's what all the newspaper was for?

Link:
http://www.wwltv.com/local/stories/wwl042408tpleveepaper.98095b74.html
It also takes years to build a proper levee. the dirt has to settle in and compact or it cant withstand the pressure.
And stop building in earth quake zones, in areas that flood, in areas that have severe storms/tornadoes, that have blizzards, that have sand storms or that are geologically unstable.

Other than reducing the usable building area of the planet down to a few square feet what is the problem with that?
Should the State regulate everything that is possibly harmful?
And Dallas, Atlanta, El Paso, Lubbock, Phoenix, Salt Lake City, etc.
&gt;leaking again because of the mushy ground on which New Orleans was built

Yeah, blame the ground.  You know, normally that's the kind of thing you take account for because it's your fucking job.
You really didn't think the US government would actually help Black people, did you?  They sent Blackwater there.  They gave them trailer homes with asbestos in them.  The government has never cared about Black Americans before.  I don't think they will now.
A good point. We oughta roll up San Fransico by these menace's logic.  Come to think of it Seattle will have to go due to it's proximity to volcanoes.
So you don't think spewing out the same old straw-man arguments put forth by countless self-proclaimed Libertarians (and otherwise) is not slightly more than just a little old at this point?

You (I'm sure) voted in the "Democrats" who were supposed to fix things.  Only one of the following can be true:  (A) EVERY SINGLE MEMBER OF THE U.S. CONGRESS IS A VILE KILLER (B) You are wrong.

Your choice is.....?
Yes but they were **black** people and thus not even worth one octaroon of a white dude. Sheesh./s
Conspiracy nuts at their finest.
why are we subsidizing NYC to protect against terrorist threats that possibly not even exist? we know there is real threat to new orleans.
it's God's will that those crazy gays get what they deserve.

Seriously though, lets just ignore our shitty infrastructure because Iran, Iraq and Afghanistan are totally worth it...right?
what is wrong with Atlanta? We are very far from being an arid area. The Chatahoochee river runs right through the middle of the city. If the Army Corps of Engineers was not releasing artificially high amounts of water from of Lake Lanier to protect some mussels in Florida this current drought would not be a problem.
&gt; It was built when it was above sea level, for the 10th time.

You speak as if "it", i.e. New Orleans, is a single homogeneous object, built entirely at one, all on ground that was above sea level.  That's not really the case.
The government doesn't really care about the well-being of the sheep, and it doesn't take a 'nut' to understand that.

And by the way, if all you can do is sit around waiting for the opportunity to use 'conspiracy' as a loaded word, you need to get out more.
They've never really cared that much about white Americans either.  Skepticism, or some would call it realism, about the government is one of the things that makes the US unique.  We want the government to be limited because we know we can't trust it.  Which means we can't trust it to respect our rights, and it also means we can't trust it to help us out when we have problems.  Sure, there are social programs and government agencies in charge of watching over stuff, and sometimes these things work, but a good general rule of thumb is to not leave your fate up to the government, because no matter who you are, they don't really care about you.
New York has to have giant pumps running at all times to keep their subway running, too.
[deleted]
I wasn't really going there with it...
[deleted]
yes when they want my taxdollars to make the pain go away.
Other than tornadoes, which strike infrequently and rarely cause more than a small amount of actual damage, can you name one thing dangerous about the land Dallas is built on and the area where it's built?

There is relatively plentiful rain so that it's easy to build reservoirs and get enough water, there are oil reserves and natural gas reserves and coal reserves in the state, there is no history of earthquakes in the area, the weather is not dry enough to worry about fires, hurricanes basically cannot make it 200+ miles inland, there are no volcanoes nearby, it's not cold enough to have serious blizzards, and there are no mudslides or avalanches because the land is basically flat.
Insurance providers will cap out development.  They're already doing this in a lot of coastal areas.  You can build there but you have to have a small fortune to insure it.
come on, thats a strawman. dramatic earthquakes will hit california with an expected frequency of about once a century. on the other hand, serious hurricanes all along the southeast are literally an annual menace.
How does Holland manage to survive for so long? Maybe they should have done addressed the problem a long time ago.
hey, but they filled it with newspapers!
http://www.wwltv.com/local/stories/wwl0050808mlpaperleveefollow.e02bbecc.html
A what?

Poor people are poor people my friend, and opportunity for the elite either way.  The racist explanation is a waste of energy my friend and a diversion from the real cause of social inequality, which lies in the capitalist structure of our society and the infestation of capitalist interest into our democracy.
Over [50% of New Orleans](http://www.nola.com/news/t-p/frontpage/index.ssf?/base/news-8/1177135924117150.xml&amp;coll=1) is above sea level.
No idea. I humbly propose that the state of New York deal with its own anti-terrorist stuff.

Oh wait, I forgot, states don't do shit any more because the federal government took over everything.
It's a small river that wouldn't supply enough water if a man-made lake weren't created.  

Oh, and by the way, that lake isn't enough for 5+ million people.  A new reservoir would be a good idea...15 years ago, when it was 4 million.
I thought Bush said this would never be allowed to happen again?
[Worst engineering catastrophe](http://levees.org/factsheet) in American engineering history.
They build levees that don't leak.
&gt; The problem is, New Orleans was built a long time ago. We wouldn't build a city there now. But it was already there.

Yes, I enthusiastically agree.

However, **we should not be rebuilding it now**.

Providing charity for citizens should not be the province of the government.  There is a great [short story written by Edward S. Ellis](http://www.lewrockwell.com/orig4/ellis1.html) about an experience with David Crockett and charity.  I will paraphrase it with some passages:

&gt; I was one day in the lobby of the House of Representatives when a bill was taken up appropriating money for the benefit of a widow of a distinguished naval officer. The Speaker was just about to put the question, when Crockett arose.

&gt; "I will not go into an argument to prove that Congress has no power to appropriate this money as an act of charity. Every member upon this floor knows it. We have the right, as individuals, to give away as much of our own money as we please in charity; but as members of Congress we have no right so to appropriate a dollar of the public money.  Mr. Speaker, the deceased lived long after the close of the war; he was in office to the day of his death, and I have never heard that the Government was in arrears to him. This Government can owe no debts but for services rendered, and at a stipulated price. If it is a debt, how much is it?

&gt; The bill was put upon its passage, and, instead of passing unanimously, was lost.

&gt; ... I broke in upon him rather abruptly, by asking him what devil had possessed him.  [Crockett recounted a speech spoken to him by Horatio Bunce]:

&gt;&gt; **Horatio to Crockett:**  My papers say that last winter you voted for a bill to appropriate $20,000 to some sufferers by a fire in Georgetown. Is that true!

&gt;&gt; **Crockett:** Certainly it is, and I thought that was the last vote for which anybody in the world would have found fault with.

&gt;&gt; **Horatio:** Well, Colonel, where do you find in the Constitution any authority to give away the public money in charity!

&gt;&gt; It is not the amount, Colonel Crockett, that I complain of; it is the principle. In the first place, the Government ought to have in the Treasury no more than enough for its legitimate purposes. But that has nothing to do with the question. The power of collecting and disbursing money at pleasure is the most dangerous power that can be entrusted to man, particularly under our system of collecting revenue by a tariff, which reaches every man in the country, no matter how poor he may be, and the poorer he is the more he pays in proportion to his means.  So you see, that while you are contributing to relieve one, you are drawing it from thousands who are even worse off than he. If you had the right to give anything, the amount was simply a matter of discretion with you, and you had as much right to give $20,000,000 as $20,000. If you have the right: to give to one, you have the right to give to all; and, as the Constitution neither defines charity nor stipulates the amount, you are at liberty to give to any and everything which you may believe, or profess to believe, is a charity, and to any amount you may think proper. You will very easily perceive, what a wide door this would open for fraud and corruption and favoritism, on the one hand, and for robbing the people on the other. No, Colonel, Congress has no right to give charity.

&gt;&gt; The people have delegated to Congress, by the Constitution, the power to do certain things. To do these, it is authorized to collect and pay moneys, and for nothing else. Everything beyond this is usurpation, and a violation of the Constitution."
Well played sir
Well, the city died. There's no point in rebuilding it.
So instead of getting the USMC Engineers to build the levees, hire the Dutch!
100-200 miles inland. It worked for Houston.
Agreed, I wasn't really appealing to racism as an explaination of the main problem (though it seems so) as much as I was trying to make a joke. Hence the /s (sarcasm).  

However, it is hard but not impossible to argue the situation would have been exactly the same had the entire affected body of people been white but of the same economic status as those who were most trounced by Katrina.

An octaroon is a person who is 1/8 black, if memory serves.

But, yes, poverty-ism has been the new racism since at least the 80s.
They're actually widely known as the experts in flood control. Dutch companies fly all over the world to do mitigation work.
There's a difference between living in an area at risk of a natural disaster and artificially manufacturing a disaster area.

There's no shortage of land in the US, why build deathtraps for residents?
George bush has scrambled a task force of as many black people as possible to stand under that levee, in case of a disaster...
he wouldn't want to miss another opportunity.
yeah, they should have deserted new orleans and let it just grow back into swamp.
That, and kick the fucking oil companies out of there.
Alllie, worldnews is not your personal subreddit. In the future, lease submit news regarding major US cities to the US News subreddit. If you have news regarding nations outside the United States of America, please submit that to the worldnews reddit.
once a century my shiny metal ass!!!!!
http://quake.usgs.gov/recenteqs/Quakes/quakes.big.html

I love americans, they are so stupid and squishy.
[That's a fallacios argument.]( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fallacious_argument)


I can't believe your being upvoted for it. 

You might want to read this too: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ignoratio_elenchi

We don't allow people to construct buildings out of unreinforced masonry because we know they'll crumble to the ground in an earthquake. I think most would agree with me that that kind of thinking is  a responsible, economical, safe, progressive, civilized way to live. 

There is no good reason for a state to take the monies of millions to wall off, and constantly pump out an area from sea, river, and lake so that a hundered  thousand or so can continue to live there. 

The only thing that can safely be there is the infrastructure needed for shipping. Everyone else should be living on higher ground. If someone were to insist on living there, they should not expect the state to take tax monies from us all in a futile attempt to keep the area dry. Not only has the area sunk, it continues to sink, and anything on top of that ground will sink with it, including levies.

Some parts are sinking as fast as 1 inch per year [(citation)](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/13065975/). Need I do the math for you to show how stupid it is to rebuild there?
their government actually gives a fuck about their citizens instead of murdering them, and then just allowing more useless immigrants to flood our streets to make up the difference.
well- after katrina- no whining if you die there.
Katrina was totally planned by the bush administration, in a passive agressive way- by not doing anything.

But by now, you should fucking know better!
as usual- truth and logic was downvoted by knee jerk emotional peasant twats.
it wasn't always so low.  It sinks between 1 and 3 inches a year.
What we need here are dutch dykes.
An important thing as an american, is to never let the truth get in the way of a good stupid story....

In the early 20th century, New Orleans was a progressive major city whose most portentous development was a drainage plan devised by engineer and inventor A. Baldwin Wood. Until then, urban development was largely limited to higher ground along natural river levees and bayous; Wood's pump system allowed the city to expand into low-lying areas. Over the 20th century, rapid subsidence, both natural and human-induced, left these newly populated areas several feet below sea level.[17][18]

New Orleans was vulnerable to flooding even before the age of negative elevation.
[deleted]
It wasn't even USMC Engineers that built it. It was a company called Boh Brothers. They're deeply connected to old Louisiana politics, they get *all* the government contracts. They also don't really have to answer to anyone. The levees were built wrong and they didn't even get penalized for it. (they were like 10 feet too shallow)
also, it's sinking, it wasn't always that low. So saying we wouldn't build a city there now is kind of a hard thing to say.  The weight of the city and the fact that they're drying it out is making it sink.
that's really it- you hit the nail on the head there-
we don't need so much government because their main pastime- the thing they excel at, is maiming, robbing, fucking and  killing us.
because it's a really good place for a port.  It's where the Mississippi meets the gulf.
Another flawed argument. Please read one of my other comments in this thread, so you can get on track with my argument. I have some educational links in it.

EDIT: I'm talking about an entire residential areas that are completely, or nearly so, under the level of the waters around it. Not the utilities, infrastucture, holes, tunnels, whatever,  *under* it.
pathetic ignorant shit battle cry- "you must be one of them conspiracy people because I never heard of that before, it's never mentioned on fox news or the pop tart boxes I read..."
It does take a fucking nut to NOT understand that, though. ;-)
again- truth was downvoted by dumb shits too lazy to check their facts.
He's right. read read read you sheeple twats.
&gt;...When it floods...

Keep in mind, it's only flooded once in the last couple of centuries.  The levees have done good for the rest of the time, why trash it all because they failed once?  Why not rebuild them properly?  Especially if you consider that *every single state* uses levees to protect its citizens.  ALL RIVERS flood.
As far as los angeles goes-
you will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villany...
come visit, it's not dead.
I got your sarcasm but not the "/s".  Perhaps English sarcasm is better than sarcasm in HTML.

Anyway, glad we sort of agree I guess :)
on the natural high ground like it was originally, with no stupid assed system doomed to eventual failure.
nuff said.
It was the expansion to the low ground that murdered orleans.
I humbly suggest that terrorism in america is perpetrated by the united states government against its' own people for fear mongering purposes.
It's just that OTHER 50% that's the bitch!!
;-)
I take it you have never been there. It is a magic place. There isn't another place like it on earth and I am not prone to statements like that.
I wish we could move there. :-) Of course, I'd have to limit visits to Cochon and sips of moonshine... sigh... can't wait to go back!
You have no idea how happy it makes me that someone else used the word octaroon in a sentence.
they've been saying for years and years the levees weren't good enough... like since the 60's.  It started long before Bush.
that's what jesus would do- he told me after I had brunch with Pat Robertson, what a fine upstanding man he is.. and no gag reflex at all!!
it's surrounded on 3 sides by water with swamp on the west side.... it can be considered one large area singled out from the surrounding areas.
I see the chocolate city is about to get wet.
Even now we would've built it there. The reason is that the location of the city is premised on the harbor. Place the city any further upriver, and it can no longer serve as a port to any of the ships in the Gulf.
Amen!
this bullshit argument reminds me of sam kinison's bit on ethiopia....

the bit is at the 4 minute mark of this video- and it applies to new orleans as well. See this? It's swamp! You know what it's gonna be in 50 years? SWAMP!

http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-667358908464398406
Be careful with pat robertson. I hear he can leg press about 1000 pounds.
I guess the moron that downvoted that doesn't know what /s is.
Impeach the levies dry!
The only areas under sea level are the residential areas. Also, the poorer areas. The reason being, no one wanted to live in those swampy areas so the land was cheap, so poor people migrated there.
I thought they were in the FEMA camps.
we "elected" an asspile of democrats for just that purpose, but since they are all on the take from Israel's laundered american taxpayer money billions- they won't do a goddamned thing except collect their zionist paycheck on those flights to Israel you see them taking (right before they pass pro israeli legislation usually).. and sending our men and women to die in Israel's wars.
/s =sarcasm, el twato maximo
Dennis Hastert suggested they spend the federal assistance on rebuilding the city above sea level. It would be costly, and you would have to slowly rebuild the city but it could be done. But he got ripped to shreds for that statement.
well a lot of the katrina money went to bush's buddies for a lot of questionable services in new orleans as well- so you got fucked doubly.
that's the bush motto- if you fucked it up completely the first time- just keep doing more of the same.
George Bush doesn't care about black people!
We certainly agree.  I read some of your posts and comments and it appears we are of like minds.  When you suggested (in a comment) what should we do if we live under the type of tyranny people subscribe the US to were you being tongue in cheek or serious because I have given the matter much thought...and I think violent revolution is out for the moment...
yeah a psychopathic reactionary would SUPPORT bush...
so what was your point? you are one?
As if the poor somehow choose where they are born...many people affected displaced from Katrina had been there all there lives.  Some people have to stay where they are, to take care of elderly family members, some people don't have people to move in with when they move.  Deposits alone on new apartments are often two months pay.  This is the reality of the poor.  Why do you insist on mocking the poor as ignorant?
First off- that was not a straw man argument- the entire list of atrocities is BUSHco SOP.

Rick, what rock have you been hiding under the past ten years you brain dead cunt?

I'll go with every member of congress being a vile killer, that sounds about right based on their voting record to keep this war going even after it's been proven beyond a reasonable doubt to be unconstitutional, illegal under international law, and impossible to sustain with our budget.

A few have actually had the balls to vote against it.. one of em is Ron Paul.. so he doesn't get grouped in with those pathetic shits, most of whom have stock in the military companies profiting from this war, and, I think, none of whom have their children in that war.

So rick, my little dumbshit brownshirt nazi retard, what color is the sky in your world??

Does it hurt you tiny brain when truth is spoken? I bet you think osama did 911 too don't you?

you drank the koolaid, chump.
he was talking about free elections.. and I think that was back in 2001?
noze uz kantz. noe go pound sand.
I hope nothing happens. The last thing America needs is another Katrina.
It's the US Army corps of Engineers, and they subcontract the work.
Actually, the problems of Holland and New Orleans are different. Land usage in Holland is also different. New Orleans has the issue of an "old river" delta, Holland has the north sea and bogs.

New Orleans is protectable but at what cost? Is Canal Street and Mardi Gras really worth the investment? Moving the city inland makes more sense.
Sure we can. It's called not providing any funding for levees and roads.
People laugh when I tell them there are cities south of New Orleans
except when the federal government subsidizes it.
Exactly Galveston was the major city in Texas until the 1900 Hurricane.
Except during tidal surge.
You have a metal ass?
He looks like he's about to shit all the time
Give everyone really long snorkels
Nice username.
They retire the name after a disaster. So it won't be named that. When a Camille like storm hits Houston, It'll make Katrina look weak. They don't have levies. Galveston Bay will end up in Downtown Houston
Dead engineers?
"Here's a weird idea, but maybe if we stopped building cities beneath sea level we wouldn't have this problem..."

in related news, smart americans tell the whole nation of Netherlands (the name of the country itself means "land below") that they are idiots for having their whole country beneath sea level.

the dutch tell the americans to fuck off, we build our dams right.
sigh...I can almost hear the glee in your voice.
Actually, I'd argue that from a "social good" viewpoint, giving the worst off of society a chance to get out of their dire situation _is_ a valid use of government (although from the U.S. viewpoint, it may not be Constitutional for the federal government).

From the same viewpoint (social good), bailing out the rich from whatever stupid financial scheme they managed to cock up, is not really a valid use of government, although limiting the damage from such screwups to JUST the rich people probably would be.
Wow, you mean the same exact odds as every hurrican season? I'm talking to my friend in NO right now and he says this is nothing to be concerned with.
New building guidelines require residents to build higher.
The levees in New Orleans aren't as bad as the flood walls.
&gt;Keep in mind, it's only flooded once in the last couple of centuries.

Bzzzt wrong. Not only are you wrong, but as each year goes by, the potential severity of the flooding gets worse because the land is **still** sinking **further below sea level.** I put in bold what's different about New Orleans as opposed to other areas along rivers, and many of those areas have in response to previous costly floods, have either moved to higher ground, been required by building codes to create higher ground at their own cost, or build on raised foundations.

Not only has the attempt to keep New Orleans dry, at a financial cost that has no precedent, the protective wetlands of the missisipi delta have been destroyed in the process. This this just magnifies further still the potential for disaster.

&gt;Why not rebuild them properly?

Because it's on a river delta that has sunk below sea level and now even the sea itself must be held back.

&gt;every single state uses levees to protect its citizens.

Not on a river delta that has sunk below sea level and now even the sea itself must be held back.

&gt;ALL RIVERS flood

Stop it! It's not on a flood plain next to a river. It's not  on a flood plain distant from a river. It's  not subject to a 100 year flood, it's not subject to seasonal flooding, it's **below sea level** on a river delta and has sunk below every body of water around it. Stop trying to compare it to things it is not, there is no precedent to compare it to.
Its called the Netherlands not Holland. People from the Netherlands take great offense when you call it Holland.
[deleted]
Some say we build levees that "blow up".
[deleted]
Which comments are being upvoted here is killing me. It's not sinking because of the weight of the developments or because it's drying out. It's not drying out, it's always wet. It's always sinking because it takes thousands  of years for the river delta sediment to settle.
If you've never lived in a place where the residents are so passionate about their city and culture that they would go through something like Katrina and stay there or fight to make their way back, then maybe you haven't lived in a city worth living in.
We would have maintained a shipping lane from the gulf, up to, and into the Mississippi river, and we would have installed port and harbor installations somewhere, but we wouldn't have attempted to build  a city in the middle of the sinking delta.
That's not what Ra's al Ghul would say.
Hell looks a lot like L.A.
Reddit is officially retarded with this comment and its  upvotes.

&gt;They pump water in from the other side of the Rockies

Wow. 6 upvotes for that stupid comment.
Jesus christ... Does no one see the problem here!

Building a city on the coast below sea level, yea thats a novel idea.

To anyone that says "Oh but the Dutch have been doing it for years!".

Guess what "THE DUTCH DON'T HAVE HURRICANES".

Its simple fucking math (LEVEE + HURRICANE = NOT GOOD)
Fuck I could have understood the sarcasm without the /s.

Haha, the fact you used the word Octaroon was enough.
I am so reluctant to watch this. Because I hate Sam Kinison... but I will subject myself to it...

EDIT: Yea what the fuck. Call me a heartless bastard but I agree with Sam Kinison. Live where the fucking food is. Why would you want to live in a place where food is hard to get.
They actually give a crap about their infrastructure and people?
The French Quarter was built on high ground and was more or less okay except for the human factor after Katrina. Just saying.
The deck is stacked for another Katrina level disaster, isn't it?
&gt; New Orleans was built a long time ago.

Yes and the slate was cleaned by Katrina; time to move on and build somewhere else.
Why (honest question)?
i'm upmodding this just because i want folks to see how dumb you are.
well said!
Marine engineers don't build levees, it was the Army Corps of Engineers subcontracting. Don't tarnish our name.
As I understand it, it's the equivalent of referring to the UK as England - I know that that pisses off the Scottish, the Welsh, and the Irish (we--the English--don't mind, of course).
I love that 40 percent chance (not 30 or 50%?). Give a probability a number and it becomes meaningful even if you plucked it out of thin air. It had a 100% chance of collapsing last time round but nobody called the odds.
[deleted]
Hang on ... are you trying to tell me that all those people moved back to the flood zone?
&gt;Moving the city inland makes more sense.

Where would you put it? Demolish Abita Springs, Mandeville, and Covington? It's surrounded by other cities. The location is the exact wrong place to put a city, conversely, being one of the largest ports in the country, it's also exactly where there needs to be one.
&gt; Reddit is officially retarded with this comment and it's upvotes.

"It is" upvotes?
[deleted]
And there's less sediment being deposited at the delta than there used to be. As the Mississippi has been leveed and straightened for navigation purposes, the river has become deeper and faster. Sediments that used to be deposited at NO and thereabouts now shoot out into the Gulf. ... Which is why you hear so much about the loss of Louisiana wetlands -- their land mass is being eroded, but not replaced by river-borne sediment.
"IT'S" IS POSSESSIVE TOO
[deleted]
It's where the Army Corp of E's has spent $$ to ensure that the Mississippi continues to meet the Gulf. The river tried to choose a new route to the Gulf a long time ago -- as rivers are wont to do -- by jumping to the Atchafalaya river channel. This would move the Mississippi river mouth west, to about Morgan City. There goes the port business of New Orleans. The Corp constructed (and nearly constantly has to reconstruct) a sort of dam to prevent this called [Old River Control](http://www.sjsu.edu/faculty/watkins/oldriver.htm).  One of my favorite books, John McPhee's "Control of Nature," has a great chapter on this project and its inevitable futility.
Wrong.  

Boh Brothers has an impeccable reputation.  

It's the US Army Corps of Engineers, not the US Marine Corps Engineers.  

The levees at the 17th Street Canal were built (unfortunately) exactly like the design drawings specified by a now-defunct construction company.  It was a failure of design.  

New Orleans' levee failures were the greatest engineering disaster in US history.
The parts that are sinking 1 inch per year are either well out in the suburbs on land that should never have been developed or in uninhabited areas of New Orleans East.  

Most of New Orleans proper has subsided about as much as it's going to subside.
Your attempt to insult me in the second sentence led me to develop a lack of desire to read the rest of your comment.   Please feel free to fuck off, troll.  I will not respond to you in this thread again.
You need to learn the difference between psychopathic and sycophantic.
THIS IS PROOF THAT JEEBUS HATES NAWLINS.
Yet another fine example of "Your tax dollars at work."
Seriously... we just need to pull the plug on the dikes and call in New Venice.
&gt; Land usage in Holland is also different. New Orleans has the issue of an "old river" delta, Holland has the north sea and bogs.

Plus, new Orleans gets the double whammie of having the dikes tested by the storm surge and then a shit load of rain comes down the river as the Hurricane dissipates over land.
Good maybe we'll stop building cities below sea level.
The problem is we can't fit millions of people in your moms basement with you.
yea, the west bank, but that's all technically part of the new orleans metro area.  There's really nothing past St. Bernard and Belle Chasse.  I mean, there's people there, but we're talking communities of like 3,000 people or less in the middle of *nowhere*.  Ever been to Cuttoff, Galiano, Golden Meadow?  I knew a guy from Cutoff... even he was afraid of the people there.
&gt; Where would you put it?

not sure and don't care, but I can tell you where I *wouldn't* put it.
&gt; we can't force a city to stop growing, to die.

Sure you can... you just let it flood.

People will go where it's dry and their house isn't underwater.
They probably will be slightly offended if you called it Germany.
&gt; where the residents are so passionate about their city

I have no problem with them being passionate about their city; just don't ask me to pay for their irrationality.
...and future rising sea levels.
You do that in a democracy and people vote against the people who did it.
So... their city will still be flooded and the will move anyway.

Besides, the US isn't a democracy.
An engineering disaster only equaled by the poor design of the WTC.  I mean, the building was struck at the top by an aircraft, causing the entire thing to pancake at a free-fall rate.  Must be a whole *bunch* of lousy engineers in the States.  Note to self: don't hire American Engineers. :P
Wow, so if you build a city below sea level there is a chance it can FLOOD?  HOLY SHIT!
I've read that the oil companies dug many straight canals through the wetlands, wetlands that used to protect New Orleans. As a result much of the wetlands have disappeared leaving New Orleans without the protection they once gave. [World Bank Says Nigeria’s Electricity Crisis Discourages Foreign Investment ](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2008/01/20/did-oil-canals-worsen-kat_n_82374.html)
Or you haven't lived in the shit hole that is New Orleans.
KATRINA WAS AN INSIDE JOB
If you love a place, and sometimes if you don't, you find it very hard just to quit your job, pack up and move. People rarely do that unless they have no choice. And in a democracy they have a choice.
Should we refuse to provide any funding to help prevent natural disasters? Make the people who live where there are tornadoes move? Make the people who live in Florida or near the gulf coast move? Make the people who live near earthquake faults move? If we did all that I wonder how much of the US would be left to live in. 

There is always danger. And we are all responsible for each other, at least during a time of crisis.
Actually it happened outside.
You think those chemtrails are there for no reason?!

Of course, I am not serious. It's hard to tell these days.
Not a one of you has challenged me on the actual argument in play here. Weak.

If you're ever ready to stop trolling reddit, and engage in an actual debate, drop me a line.
Venezuela is called that because the similarity between that and Venice.
Then why after **hundreds of years of practice** did they have a colossal flood in 1953? 

Its a shame you got so many upvotes for that. 

Holland is a lesson to all in what not to do. They've lived in a vicious cycle for hundreds of years. Its a long time  environmental disaster as well. 
.
Hey guys!  Let's all blame people for living in a city that the government won't protect!  They must be retarded!

Oddly enough, I live 3 blocks away from this and had no clue...so much for local reporting.
The same thing could have been said of Galveston after it was wiped off the Texas Coast in 1900 and 1915 and 1943 and 1957 and 1961 and 1967 and on and on.  Now it would be Galveston + Houston and that's a lot of folks to relocate not to mention loss of port and petroleum industries.
Reddit's Godwin.
I think violent revolution would be truly devastating to the working class, the poor, and perhaps the world.

There are many ways to bring the wheels of a hostile economy to a halt, and war is one of those ways, the one that kills people.  But there are other ways, like not feeding the economy, mass strike, that sort of thing.

Of course, if the elite strike back with military force, what then?  Drop the issue and take the life given us?  That's not the (historically) American way.

But no I'm not one to say we should build a military and start a war.  I believe we should be building the social consciousness of the working class and together we can make the right decision of what way to best govern ourselves and the elites in Washington can just go away when we ask them to.
How responsible must the rest of society be if people make completely irresponsible decisions as to where to live?

Living in trailer parks in tornado alley is insanity. It is simply asking to lose all you have every few years. If people are in dire straights through no  fault of their own, yes they should be helped. If they are due to their own failure to recognize a very risky move, how long can we keep bailing them out?

Likewise, living in homes that aren't storm-hardened on the coast. If you want to enjoy the sun and surf, then demonstrate you're prepared for the worst it  can throw at you.

The risks associated with living in an area need to be reflected in insurance rates, building codes, and so on. Houses in tornado areas should be essentially concrete earth-bermed bunkers, not flimsy trailers or wood-frame structures.

Any building in New Orleans that is below sea level or surge level should either be built on a floating platform, or constructed to handle flooding (eg. stilts).
'tis not
Once again, I agree.  To make a better country we need to make better people.  To make better people we need to make better children.

Anyone who can truly imagine 1/10 of what a violent upheavel would actually be like would realize the ends don't justify the means...yet.  

So, instead, I agree, we need to raise social consciousness in a "60s" kind of way but with more staying power and better directed.  The first effort didn't succeed but it wasn't a failure either.  These things take steps.  Hopefully, the next step along that path will happen before anything violent.

I think a lot of outrage (especially around here) stems from the fact that we are more aware of the huge discrepancy between the ideals fed to us and the actions taken by our government and our society.  The ideals are fed to us because they have a flavor the young instinctively want and know.  It is also a "good" tasting flavor.

A growing downside is the effect our nations policies are having on other countries.  They may decide violent upheavel (a la 9/11) is their only option.
[deleted]
Then we need to rise up and make it one again.
knock yourself out...

...but I know Americans are all a bunch of pussies when it comes to radical domestic politics that involve the taking lives to restore their freedoms.
I think the stilts are a good idea. When I was very young there were people still living in the Mississippi River bottom in houses on stilts that were 10-20' tall. Maybe in those days the River was still allowed to flood, deposit its silt on the land and enrich it. 

But the building code in New Orleans needs to be modified to make people who live in low lying areas have just a storage room or garage on the first floor. 

&gt;Gulfport, Mississippi's second-largest city, has adopted FEMA's latest guidelines for elevating homes. Homeowners with at least 50% damage must raise their homes to a specified level or see their flood insurance premiums rise dramatically.

&gt;The elevation of new homes also has been a hot topic in New Orleans, although the low-lying city's vulnerability to flooding differs from that of beach communities. New Orleans residents note that the failure of the levee system that's supposed to protect the city — rather than Katrina itself — led to most of the damage there.

&gt;"In New Orleans, you live in a city that's reliant on (water) pumps, so you don't have to be up in the air," says Angele Givens, president of the Gentilly Civic Improvement Association.

&gt;Even so, the city late last year adopted new FEMA guidelines for home elevations. Those who began rebuilding their homes at lower elevations before the guidelines were imposed, however, are being allowed to proceed. 

[Katrina renews calls for change in rebuilding rules](http://www.usatoday.com/money/economy/housing/2007-08-21-repeat-losses_N.htm)

The thing about New Orleans and new building codes is that a lot of the poorer people in the lower lying neighborhoods, just don't have the money to build a two story house.
I would give you more points if I could.  Well said
I am blind enough to think that won't be necessary. It wasn't in 1932.
In 1932, people weren't disapperaed and rounded up in detainment camps.
The Delta Works were built to protect against a repeat of the catastrophic 1953 flood. The storm, combined with high tide, produced a surge of about 18 feet above sea level.

Protection against an 18 foot storm surge would have (mostly) saved New Orleans from Katrina. It would not have been sufficient to protect coastal Mississippi, where the surge was much higher. It would also not be enough for a more "ideal" severe hurricane strike on New Orleans.

When I do the "simple fucking math" it says that one can build a levee system that can protect against hurricanes. It's just more expensive than the US is willing to pay for.
Galveston has not been wiped off the coast after 1900. That's because after the 1900 hurricane protection was added. The seawall was built and the island's ground level was raised.

Your list of storms doesn't even make sense. 1957? I assume that was Audrey, which hit land some 90 miles east of Galveston. 1961? Carla only killed people in Galveston by producing a tornado there. In 1967 I can find nothing that by any stretch of the imagination wiped out Galveston.
I think that it's part of human nature not to let mother nature dictate where you can and can  not live :-)
New Orleans news ran a story a couple of weeks ago about how some of the joints in the flood wall are stuffed with paper, so it should be no surprise that they are leaking now. It was actually the sturdy floodwalls in conjunction with broken pumps that caused the city to flood ALMOST TWO DAYS AFTER Katrina (New Orleans was not flooded during the storm).

Additionally, the Corps of Engineers makes statements in interviews and news stories that do not match third party inspections or even the Corps' own technical releases. 

The city of New Orleans sued the Corps of Engineers to get them to build the Levees to spec, but they lost because the same flood protection act that gives the Federal government jurisdiction over the levees also prevents anyone from suing them for doing a bad job.

Also, keep in mind that wetlands fall under Federal jurisdiction.

In summary, the Feds take control of the levees, refuse to build them properly, and legally can't be held accountable when they do a poor job.

I agree that people should have flood insurance, and that flood insurance should not be Federally subsidized. I also concede that the leadership in New Orleans is incompetent at best and corrupt at worst. However, the idea that just New Orleans should cease to exist because of flooding issues is intellectually dishonest.

Los Angeles and San Fransisco are both on Faults. Las Vegas, Phoenix, and LA use Federal money to pump water in so people don't die of thirst. Thousands of people across the midwest had to evacuate because of flooding this year, and towns are repeatedly ravaged by tornados every year. When Hurricane Rita was heading towards Houston, it was projected that the city would be flooded and cost billions to rebuild. Miami is vulnerable to a category 5 hurricane.

I can see where people get tired of hearing about New Orleans, and I assume it is because the Mayor and quite a few residents seem to think they are entitled to the whole world and/or some white conspiracy caused the floodwalls to give. I submit that for each of these ass-clowns there are at least two hard working, family oriented people who are working through psychological distress and financial disaster to rebuild their homes and their families while working one or more jobs (and most would prefer the government stop being a hindrence to them as well). 

I would urge you to be a little more considerate to the hundreds of thousands of people who are too busy trying to be good people to get on your nerves before you abandon our city so quickly.
Sorry, thats what I meant.
Nonsense. I've never been there but know a woman from Belle Chase. She still has many friends there. They are not scary people. You watch too many movies.
well i can't say anything about belle chasse, never knew anyone from there, but the cutoff to golden meadow area is what they call "down the bayou."
Actually, I just wouldn't fund rebuilding it. Businesses and people will migrate elsewhere. Actually, that has already occured, to some extent. Galveston had several thousand people drown in the 1900 storm. It became a small town after the storm. Today, people build condos for the beach fronts and there is tourism there. Their flood insurance is subsidized. It shouldn't be. Everyone flees with the threat of a storm, but someday people will get stranded there, drown and we'll blame the government for not protecting them.
There is the town of Freeport just south of Galveston. There is no seawall there. Several petrochem plants are located there. When Hurricane Rita threatened in 05 the area evacuated. It was a nightmare getting through Houston. If the storm had landed many people would have possibly drowned in their cars in the massive traffic jams.

Freeport is nice small town. Lake Jackson, a few miles inland was built by Dow chemical because Freeport wouldn't let them build housing for their employees. Originally the Dow plant was a WWII magnesium producer for weapons. It is now a plastics plant.  I worked there for a year commuting from Houston. I would have liked to live there, it's a beautiful small town with a mall and all the conveniencs. With a storm like Katrina or even Rita the storm surge could come as far as 20 miles inland. Unless you work there, I can't see living there. The industries that need people to live there should bear the cost of the damage should a hurrican strike. Even where I live in NW Houston a large rain event could flood my house and be life threatening. I'm more than 60 miles inland. I have a friend with a house between Freeport and Galveston. It's on stilts. It was damaged by wind (perhaps a tornado) when Alicia made landfall in the early eighties. They don't live there. It's a "weekend" house. Some industry must be at the coast. Resorts make sense on the coast. Living there because it's close to water and is beautiful is a poor reason to live in a storm surge zone.

BTW Ron Paul lives in Lake Jackson.
I can see why they aren't willing to pay for it. We have so much space in this country, we have no need to build there. Live somewhere else.
I'm cetainly not going to say there aren't backwards culture or even thugs in New Orleans, but that exists anywhere you go. I grew up in Ohio, in the burbs, but my family was from the backwoods of eastern Kentucky. As kids we made fun of their speech, the backwoods shacks, and poverty, and curled our noses at foods like squirrel and pigs feet, but we also knew that most were kind, decent, moral, hard working people. Racism was and is rampant, but it was alive and well in Ohio, too. My parents while harboring some racist fears, taught me to judge people on merit, not race.
People made fun of hillbillies and still do, but they are people like any other. Morons, as far as I can tell are pretty evenly distributed throughout the world.
that would infer exaggerated comparisons.
which they most assuredly are not.
Read up on AIPAC, then read up on how much money goes to israel each year,
then read up on the nuclear non-proliferation treaty which we violate by giving them money, then read up on the logan act, and then take a look at what happens to a politician when they speak out against Israel.
those are the people that collect a paycheck from bush.
I was talking about the trailer trash.
that's a good republican debate strategy.
Claim you are just too moral to debate a topic with someone.
Heard it before- it's still is the cry of a bitch that can't back up their logic.

Summary:
It gets to you after a while.
I don't think they will now.
I take it you have never been there.
We wouldn't build a city there now.
New Orleans is protectable but at what cost?
Make the people who live where there are tornadoes move?
But why are we subsidizing the people who live there?
The problem is, New Orleans was built a long time ago.
&gt; *"It's irresponsible to build a city there.
It's the US Army Corps of Engineers, not the US Marine Corps Engineers.
&gt; The problem is, New Orleans was built a long time ago.
Good maybe we'll stop building cities below sea level.
It also takes years to build a proper levee.
I wasn't really going there with it...
&gt; New Orleans was built a long time ago.
Actually, the problems of Holland and New Orleans are different.
I agree that people should have flood insurance, and that flood insurance should not be Federally subsidized.
Wow, so if you build a city below sea level there is a chance it can FLOOD?
It's not just the levies that keep the city dry.
Let's all blame people for living in a city that the government won't protect!
People laugh when I tell them there are cities south of New Orleans.
It's surrounded by other cities.
It would also not be enough for a more "ideal" severe hurricane strike on New Orleans.
"*

It was built when it was above sea level, for the 10th time.
&gt; It was built when it was above sea level, for the 10th time.
You really didn't think the US government would actually help Black people, did you?
I think he's talking about *new* development.
If we did all that I wonder how much of the US would be left to live in.
They build levees that don't leak.
Unless you work there, I can't see living there.
I think the stilts are a good idea.
To make a better country we need to make better people.
Actually, I just wouldn't fund rebuilding it.
The levees in New Orleans aren't as bad as the flood walls.
Other than that, I agree with you.
The government has never cared about Black Americans before.
I would say the same about fucking Los Angeles.
When I do the "simple fucking math" it says that one can build a levee system that can protect against hurricanes.
Moving the city inland makes more sense.
So... their city will still be flooded and the will move anyway.
I would give you more points if I could.
It wasn't even USMC Engineers that built it.
It's the US Army corps of Engineers, and they subcontract the work.
The only areas under sea level are the residential areas.
There goes the port business of New Orleans.
I thought Bush said this would never be allowed to happen again?
Live where the fucking food is.
The last thing America needs is another Katrina.
New Orleans' levee failures were the greatest engineering disaster in US history.
because it's a really good place for a port.
Its simple fucking math (LEVEE + HURRICANE = NOT GOOD)
It started long before Bush.
Its called the Netherlands not Holland.
To make better people we need to make better children.
we know there is real threat to new orleans.
I got your sarcasm but not the "/s".
Building a city on the coast below sea level, yea thats a novel idea.
But by now, you should fucking know better!
&gt; we can't force a city to stop growing, to die.
I have a friend with a house between Freeport and Galveston.
The levees were built wrong and they didn't even get penalized for it.
Why would you want to live in a place where food is hard to get.
Make the people who live near earthquake faults move?
Its a long time  environmental disaster as well.
My understanding is that New Orleans has been sinking for the last century.
New Orleans, is a single homogeneous object, built entirely at one, all on ground that was above sea level.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.67
