Original Response:
The Dutch use Pounds, not Euros?
English newspaper source. So, 300 million pound would be 381.36 million Euro
In order to get the true gains/losses you'd have to subtract/add the net productivity gains/losses of the entire Dutch population as a direct result of drug usage. This is very difficult to do.
[deleted]
Since in percentage points we have less addicts than most other Western nations I'm not sure that would be a relevant exercise per se.

It's certainly true that using drugs can 'cost' you personally and drugs use also costs states a certain amount of money - but this is so whether you try to fight a war on drugs or not.

My argument is that fighting this war is a costly, pointless and often counterproductive business and that legalising all 'rereational' drugs would help to solve a lot of the world's problems without adding too many more problems.
Seriously!?  Holy crap.  I didn't realize the pound sucked too.
I doubt that making drugs legal (and therefore fair game for credit card purchases) would help the American economy any.
Now that's just crazy talk.
A better way to save millions of lives and make billions of dollars, fire the government.
If the dutch make that much money,  imagine what the US could make.

I mean, lets be realistic. There are 300 million people in the US. For the sake of my argument, I will say that 50 million want to (or need to) smoke pot. If over the course of a year, these people smoke a pound of weed (a little over 1 ounce a month), and the US government charges $1,500 for this pound (mid-range estimate), then the government would make 75 BILLION DOLLARS.

edit/ yeah, a pound of pot might be alot, but more than 50 million would smoke... you do the math.
&amp; loose all of the usas weapons exports.
if we're talking money then putting people in prison rakes in billions of dollars for the private corporations who run them (and for their shareholders)
This angle of argument is morally inconsistent.

"The government is restricting our freedom by dictating what we can do with our stuff.  They should stop!  Instead, they can just take a portion our stuff from us."

This is not a good way to argue for legalization.  Fact is, regardless of financial incentives, these drugs should be legal.
300 million British Pounds = 591.672 million US Dollars.
Sorry, let me clarify.  The pound has been 1:2 for a long time.  I just found it surprising that it wasn't 1:3 by now.
you have less people.
Percentage points...
Id love to see a citation for that, then.
Beat me to it.  I bet 5 Billion, easily on pot alone, priced at $20.00/pack, like cigarettes.
This is a useful site for research:

http://www.emcdda.europa.eu/html.cfm/index41334EN.html
Thank you.
you can only have your money be worth so much until it actually hurts people. Remember just because they are 2:1 doesn't mean they pay half of what we pay for consumer goods, a lot of the times they get the shaft and pay a 1:1: Can of coke $1 here and £1 there.
private corporations run prisons?


do you have reference so i can read up?
They also are a much smaller society, with stricter controls on Driving while under the influence.
http://www.correctionscorp.com/

&gt; Prison privatization at its finest
holy shit... i had no idea.

but still, the majority of prisons are state run if i'm not mistaken.
Because?
The kink in your theory is the govt. would be taxing, not dealing. Meaning a percent of the price per pound tax.
Thanks for pointing that out, I lumped them together wrongly. Lets say they get a 10% tax rate? 

$7.5 Billion. 

That is 7.5 Billion dollars of money that is pure profit. Americans grew it, promoting farm and agriculture, internal economy would be boosted (even if just slightly), and most importantly, food services would make more money.  Now, interesting point about food services is that most food is made as close to the consumption area as possible, meaning that if it was in America, it was most likely* made in America.

*- not always true
they are.

who do you trust more? the market or the government?
17.5% of 75 billion or 5 billion dollars is still a bag load of money. Not to mention the boost in tourism, and all other taxable goods that would be related to the legalised consumption.

P.S im presuming the tax rates are the same as the UK in the US..
yeah, what have they ever done for humanity anyway?  :rolls eyes:
You can't do that. CIA is already doing that business. It is matter of national security that CIA has to do that.
&gt; who do you trust more? the market or the government?

when it comes to meting out aggression?

The market will simply act in the interests of the richest customers, just like the government.  At some level they are inseparable under the system used in the USA
see what people don't understand is that marijuana is one of the easiest plants to grow in the world.  cigarettes cost about $5-$6 a pack.  how much tobacco comes in one pack? about a quarter ounce.  how much does a quarter of mid range weed cost? $40-$50 and if we are talking some nice nugs here that price could easily reach $80 or more.  if weed were legal no once would be paying that kind of money for it. it would be just like cigs. about $5-$6 for a quarter of fucking plant material ok!  there would be GINORMOUS fields of marijuana growing everywhere. and most people would just grow their own pot in their backyard.  lemme paraphrase my rambling so far. THE GOVT. WOULD NEVER EVER MAKE AS MUCH MONEY OFF OF WEED AS THEY DO RIGHT NOW IF IT WERE LEGAL, OK!! if it were in fact legal it would be one of the cheapest products on planet earth ok.  the onle reason weed is expensive is because it is illegal and dealers have to undertake a huge risk to supply you with it.
[deleted]
I think there are certain "rules" ( thinking about how the Dutch went about doing this ).  Only licensed places are allowed to grow and sell the plant. I think its also more expensive than whence it was illegal. 

People who choose to smoke pot are already willing to depart with so much money, even with the risk of being jailed if caught with it. Take away the risk, keep the price same, they'll be happy to keep paying for it knowing their shit is coming from a licensed place, who's not "lacing it up" with shit.

Marijuana is the easiest plant to grow in the world? Really.
Well, in theory the government is answerable to the people. In practice however, people are able to be manipulated to a large degree if you have enough money - and the market has the money and motivation.
The US population is about 18.17 times that of the Dutch population... all other things remaining equal, this would mean about 5.452 billion pounds in tax revenue... which would equal a tax revenue of somewhere around 11 billion dollars.

Add that to lower infrastructure costs from not having to house so many prisoners, and the actual gain to the US is probably around 20 billion... or 2/7ths of what Iraq costs us every year.
Governments should never profit from drugs (or any other vice). It creates perverse incentives for the government to encourage drug use, which is almost as bad as its futile attempts to ban it.

Drugs should be taxed sufficiently to cover the costs the drugs cause to society. ie, the cost drug related education, health care, rehab programs, lost productivity, etc. No more, no less.

Even so, there would be an extraordinary reduction in the tax burden, just from not spending the billions and billions of dollars that currently just destroys lives, fills prisons, corrupts governments and agencies, funds organised crime, and wastes law enforcement resources. 

Most of the damage to individuals ascribed to drugs is actually caused by their prohibition. If the drugs were inexpensive, and unadulterated, not to mention didn't have the cool factor of being banned, individual harm would be greatly diminished, particularly because users could choose the least harmful option, instead of being forced into the most highly purified and easily obtained and trafficked option, of dubious quality and unknown quantity.

Nearly *all* of the damage to society ascribed to drugs is actually caused by their prohibition. Most people have no idea of the phenomenal percentage of their tax dollars that are burned up dealing with the problems prohibition creates.

People just can't think rationally when it comes to drugs. Its ironic that while drug use may be unhealthy, society's knee jerk response to it is even more harmful to society as well as the users.
Rolling your eyes doesn't make you any less stupid. If you weren't so stupid you would realize that the over 100 million deaths caused by governments getting their masses into wars in the last century, the genocides and political subjugation, and the wholesale corruption of politicians and non-accountable power is not a good thing.
I might have misunderstood you. I read that as "abolish government", which is silly and eye-roll worthy. 
Upon re-reading it and your comment, I think you meant "fire the assholes in our present government". Which I agree with 100%.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corrections_Corporation_of_America
Are there many here that support decriminalization even if not planning to actually use the drugs themselves?  Wondering if there are others...
i think you understood him,  i think he might be an anarchist.
&gt;The market will simply act in the interests of the richest customers

That's not a free market. A free market is when everybody is looking out for his or her own interests.
The pound is worth more than the euro.
Or we could legalize it and not tax it.
Anarchy hasn't proven to be terribly safe: anarchy in Somalia led to famine when food supplies were adequate, and anarchy here would lead nowhere good. I am still young enough to occasionally think fondly, "Oh, we should just tear the world down and start over again," but I'm old enough now that I realize, were we to tear everything down, there's little chance Utopia would rise from the ashes.
By this time next month, that'll be the equivalent of FIVE HUNDRED KAJILLION DOLLARS.
Anarchy is for middle school philosophers.
Hey, were it legal, I'd spend my SUPER THRIFTY WORLD-SAVING $600 REFUND on marijuana. As it is, most of it is probably going to be spent drinking our economic problems away.
300 million euros is chump change.
We'd all get high and post vapid and unsuported statements like cefm.
Somalia is run by warlords, it is not really anarchy.  It's more like separate parts of the country fighting each other.  Not really anarchy, you'd have to remove the warlords to make it anarchy.
There's only two things I hate in this world: people who are intolerant of other people's cultures, and the Dutch.
big woop, they already brought crack into the ghetto. I doubt they will actively market it. They sure don't promote cigarettes.
I used to be ardent free market, but now I just wany a system that diffuses the elite, using the best of the market and government.
&gt;cigarettes cost about $5-$6 a pack

Heh heh, perhaps I've grown spoiled living in Virginia.
&gt;it is not really anarchy.

Just like the Soviet Union isn't communism. 

I mean, is it possible that neither system can work in reality and require some sort of mitigating middle man?
It sucks, but sometimes you gotta take different paths to the destination you wish to go to.
I saw that film like, once. I should watch it again.
Money and power.
Don't worry, if it happens we can just shoot him with no repercussions.
It worked for prohibition.
About everything is taxed. You wouldn't even notice it was taxed and if they didn't tax it that would be stupid on their part.
because roads arnt free
what?
driking is a depressant, so you only worry more, whareas with weed u may end up seeing the flip side
Anarchy only lasts for 30 minutes.
Rehab programs are mostly run through filanthropists that use it as a tax shelter to begin with.  Therefore, there wouldn't be an increased cost on the gov.  There has never been any economic proof that the real costs of legalizing (economic direct and indirect) outweighs the benefits of it.  

Marijuana isn't legal just because people have the misconception that its is more of a drug than alcohol is and all the industries that lobby to keep it illegal, such as the tobacco industry, cotton (hemp is a substitutable good), any many others I can 't think of right now.  Like it was mentioned above it is an easy plant to grow. Marijuana growers would introduce substitutable good in several industries.
Only the stupid do (hard) drugs anyway
The Dutch have been doing this since the 15th century: beer, tobacco, drugs. 

It's not that they're liberal, it's that they're practical. And you can see it in the way they dress: always in darker colors, long pants and overcoats. Just go to Amsterdam, and you will see the difference: the foreigners are the ones wearing brightly colored clothing, baseball caps, short pants, hanging out in the cafes along de calverstraat.
[deleted]
let's go dutch
Yup, 
I work professionally with addicts (the homeless, of which quite a high percentage are alcohol and/or drugs addicts). Me, I don't even smoke normal tobacco. I don't like drugs. I've seen enough people who got lost and then died from that shit.

I still think legalisation is better than what we do now. You can't wish away the bad stuff: you have to deal with it.
Thats probable without counting the money they get from the tourism that it brings in, and the  substracting the cost of jails, and police
I'd also like to see an economic review of this argument. It's not as if the money gained from drug dealing now disappears into some vortex of money that'll never be usurped by the system again, it'll just be taxed in some later transaction that the government regulates.
Ten pounds of weed might just get you to see the flipside here...
Thankfully, anarchy shoots itself in the head every time.
My pleasure, though it's not a very easily penetrable site. (And I never know what to trust when it comes to the internet, though this site at least seemed to be serious.)
Jan
The people controlling Somalia don't want anarchy, they each want to control the country.  Soviet Union was ideologically communist.  Anarchy could work in a sufficiently intelligent and wealthy population, no civilizations have reached this level yet.
Ouch. Very good point. And one that just gives me a headache looking at it, never mind really trying to follow it through...
&gt; I mean, is it possible that neither system can work in reality and require some sort of mitigating middle man?

You're assuming the people in love with anarchy, communism etc. live in reality ;)
[deleted]
Where along the chain does any form of taxation occur? And isn't it possible that the money is taken out of the country?
400 million euros. 300 million pounds.

(So probably about a billion dollars or so by now.)
Like there's no coupling between corporations and government? What scares me about a privatized prison system is that the stockholders have a vested interest in making sure the prison industry is a growth industry. Not that government agencies never have an incentive to grow, but at least they don't have private citizen investors egging them on, paying for lobbyists.

P.S. - Should that be "Whom do you trust more?" I've never been certain about when to use "whom" .vs. "who".
If you gain $100 in cash from selling black market goods the fictional state we'll use in this example will forego its tithe of $10 leaving you with $100 in your pocket instead of $90.

If one considered each financial transaction as in isolated event one might think the state has suffered a net loss of $10 as a result of this. However those extra $10 that you now have and the state does not are likely to be spent on something that is taxed. Like groceries, or a shiny digital watch.

Even if you were to export those $10 out of the country it probably wouldn't be a $10 loss for the state in the end since it issues the currency, and in any case it's likely to flow back it, where again, it'll be taxed.

To summarize: it's complete nonsense to claim that a $100/yr black market in the aforementioned state results in a net loss of $10/yr for the state. Or to put it differently, that if it weren't a black market the state would gain $10/yr through taxation that it would not otherwise have acquired. Black markets are not isolated economies, if they were they wouldn't use legal tenders as currency.

edit: Grammar and fourth paragraph.
Indeed, and that's where the headache starts (or ends up.) Unless you spend illegal money on, let's say, black market art that you then hide in your cellar, it's actually quite hard to keep the black market from penetrating and becoming part of the regular economy.
Actually, until the US paid Ethiopia to invade Somalia to get rid of a presumptive Islamic regime there, anarchy in Somalia wasn't that bad.

From a December 2006 article,

http://www.independent.org/newsroom/article.asp?id=1880

&gt; Although Somalia is still poor, the ordered anarchy that has existed since the mid–1990s has actually translated into improved living standards.

From a March 2005 article,

http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m1568/is_10_36/ai_n13490316

&gt; Somali success story: does anarchy mean chaos?

&gt; Somalia's highly competitive, cheap, and thorough telecommunications industry includes many functioning Internet cafes in the capital city of Mogadishu.

From a 2006 study [PDF], this one is a good read,

http://www.peterleeson.com/Better_Off_Stateless.pdf

&gt; The emergence of anarchy in 1991 opened up
opportunities for advancement not possible before government’s collapse. In particular,
economic progress and improved public goods provision in critical areas flourished in the
absence of a monopolistic and corrupt state.

&gt; A constitutionally-constrained state with limited powers to do harm but strong
enough to support the private sector may very well do more for Somalia than statelessness.

From a 2007 article,

http://www.libertyunbound.com/archive/2007_09/vasquez-somalia.html

&gt; Today, after more than a decade of anarchy, five major Somali-owned telephone companies, about a dozen mobile companies, and at least three internet service providers serve markets in Somalia, offering a range of top-notch products and affordable service plans.

&gt; The reason for this astonishing success? No government.

The problem is, like poverty, anarchy leaves a country vulnerable. Anarchy is a delicate state of affairs, all it takes to disturb it is a group of people well financed enough to try to take over. And then what are the people to do? They have no organization to pit against this invading organization, so they are easily overrun and suffer again under the yoke of government.

So it's best to have some government at least to prevent that from happening. And then you're back to the original US formula of "that government governs best which governs least."
That reminds me of this one:

"Any man who could concentrate his mind for _two minutes_ could rule the world." -- Napoleon Bonaparte
This is not the destination you wish to go to.  Doing drugs is not what we want; what we want is liberty.  Going at it from "I just want to be able to do drugs, regardless of liberty" isn't getting what you want.
Now we just have prohibition on other things, and no one even realizes that it was about freedom, not alcohol.
You guys remind me of Mac &amp; Tosh, the Goofy Gophers (often mistaken for Chip &amp; Dale, the chipmunks).

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goofy_Gophers

&gt; Mac and Tosh's dialogue is peppered with such over politenesses as "Indubitably!", "You first, my dear," and "But, no, no, no. It must be you who goes first!"
A free market will concentrate money in a few families over time. After a while the nation will become indistinguishable from a monarchy.
in a country so much smaller then US.
Terrorist United States Government makes more smuggling them!

United States Government are terrorists, war criminals, and horrific liars.

9-11 was an inside job! 9-11 official story was a lie! What happened to building 7?
Expenditures on jails and police would go down if drugs were legalized.
So make them toll roads.
Please elaborate. How are their controls stricter?
Anarchy is not the same as lawlessness.
Wouldn't the CIA make more money from the drugs they illegally bring in &amp; flood America with.
You mean just like the system we have now?
Yeah, but what if you can't do that?
Yawn...
Yeah, cause privatizing natural monopolies works so well.
False dichotomy.
If you have a link substantiating that roads are a natural monopoly I'd like to see it.
Of course you can.  I just did.
[deleted]
[maps.google.com](http://maps.google.com)
I bet you are right - what other options are there?
I see many roads that lead to the same places with minimal differences in travel time and distance. Why does one entity have to control all the roads?
You only worry until you've drank enough to stop thinking.
I think the true dichotomy is freedom verses control.  Decisions about what should be a government service vs what should be privatized should be evaluated on the basis of what solution will give the most power to the consumer / taxpayer.
So you would like to see toll booths at every intersection?  Or how about transceivers on every vehicle so that corporations will be able to track our every move to make sure we are billed properly.  Or I guess you could purchase badges for your car that tell you what roads you are allowed to drive on.  I was just thinking about how I don't have enough crap stuck to my car.

And sorry, there is really only one expressway I can take to work in the morning, unless I want to double my commute.  The road I take is publicly owned, and they just doubled the toll to pay for all the construction.  Of course the construction wasn't needed, but the company spends as much as it possibly can, because it justifies it's profits as a percentage of what it costs to maintain the roads.  Thirty miles of expressway, and one portion of it or another has been under construction for over 12 years.
well, if the dichotomy comes down to choice A or B - depending on the situation, isn't that still a dichotomy between A and B?
Except that sometimes A is better than B, and sometimes B is better than A.  When you ask who I trust more, the answer is I don't trust either.  Neither the government or the open market are worthy of trust.  The best solution in any case will be the one where the provider is most answerable to the consumer.  For some things that means government, for others it means private industry.
What if you can't convince the masses to legalize it based on liberty alone.
exactly.... so... the question is, who do you trust more to run your prisons, the market or the government?
Currently drugs are cash only.  Americans have proven how wildly irresponsible they are with credit for boring old things like furniture and food - how much worse will they bankrupt themselves if they can buy drugs with credit cards?
Then it's wasted effort.  Time better spent working on liberty.
You've pointed out some very legitimate issues with a transportation system that consists entirely of toll roads, esp. the privacy concerns with a transceiver (which would be necessary, obviously toll booths don't scale).

I don't really have an answer other than to say there are trade-offs either way.

As far as the gas tax goes, I think it's probably one of the taxes that most libertarians don't have much of a problem with. The proceeds go directly to road building and it taxes (obviously) only those who use the roads. It's neither particularly regressive or progressive. Gas taxes are pretty much as perfect a tax as we're going to get without a GPS in every car recording miles driven.
My point is that I don't trust either.  In this case I think a joint approach would be best.  In my mind the government should maintain primary control, but their are certainly roles that could be farmed out to private corporations.  If nothing else, a private company could audit the security of the prison, provide health / janitorial services / etc.
I agree on the gas tax.  It really annoys me when I think about it though.  I figured out that almost 99% of my driving is on the tollway, so I feel I am getting charged twice.
Irrespective of your astounding wit, it is chump change.

Summary:
the market or the government?
would be taxing, not dealing.
And then what are the people to do?
You mean just like the system we have now?
The Dutch use Pounds, not Euros?
Or we could legalize it and not tax it.
Except that sometimes A is better than B, and sometimes B is better than A.
&gt; who do you trust more?
The people controlling Somalia don't want anarchy, they each want to control the country.
There are 300 million people in the US.
I should watch it again.
I still think legalisation is better than what we do now.
who do you trust more?
My point is that I don't trust either.
(So probably about a billion dollars or so by now.)
I agree on the gas tax.
So make them toll roads.
Well, in theory the government is answerable to the people.
if weed were legal no once would be paying that kind of money for it.
it would be just like cigs.
People just can't think rationally when it comes to drugs.
It really annoys me when I think about it though.
and most people would just grow their own pot in their backyard.
Somalia is run by warlords, it is not really anarchy.
Governments should never profit from drugs (or any other vice).
how much tobacco comes in one pack?
The pound is worth more than the euro.
Like there's no coupling between corporations and government?
I mean, lets be realistic.
I didn't realize the pound sucked too.
in a country so much smaller then US.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.22
