Original Response:
[deleted]
In other news, a major drug cartel was found bribing Venezuela officials..
what did you expect morons?
drugs are bad mkay?
Try CIA insertion.
[deleted]
The shit: it begins now.
And by "major drug cartel" you mean CIA-backed subversion operation.
Right.
Quick, man the slingshots.
The only countries that haven't accused us of airspace incursions are the ones who don't care.
It most likely was called off because cover was blown if it existed. No joke.

Research the 2002 coup where the US acknowledged a failed takeover that lasted less than 24 hours. Oh, what you didn't hear about that in the states? Thats a little strange, it almost seems like they want to keep you dumb.
[deleted]
Don't you mean *Weapons-of-Mass-Destruction ®™* slingshots?
ooo we all better look out for the awesome power of the venezuelan airforce!!!
Venezuela doesn't deserve this sort of treatment. They are the only country is trying to expose the new world order.  Venezuela doesn't tax their own people's gasoline like we do, in fact gasoline is only $.07 a gallon there- Because there government insures that the people are not ripped off like the rest of the world paying over $4.00. Now I guess the evil ones have to put an end to this. Meanwhile, any mention of Chavez or  his country always has some negative effect from his policies on his people- and little is said about the US's failed policies. http://www.nytimes.com/2007/10/30/world/americas/30venezuela.html?_r=1&amp;oref=slogin
Yeah, we did it, So Mr. Chavez, what are you going to do it about it? Nothing that's what, you will do, nothing. If we can travel halfway across the world to take people out, What on earth has given you the notion the same cannot happen to you? Silly little man.
Yea they are just KICKING ASS!  


Infant mortality in Venezuela stood at 16 deaths per 1,000 births in 2004

Child malnutrition (defined as stunting or wasting in children under age five) stands at 17%; Delta Amacuro and Amazonas have the nation's highest rates.

Only 3% of sewage is treated; most major cities lack treatment facilities.[27] 17% of Venezuelans lack access to potable water.

In a cholera epidemic of contemporary times in the Orinoco Delta, Venezuela's political leaders were accused of racial profiling of their own indigenous people to deflect blame from the country's institutions, thereby aggravating the epidemic

But at least gas is cheap.
All caused by the control of the IMF and central banks system and inflation it creates. They are no longer part of this system so they can end these conditions that the US backed IMF promotes. http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5gNDfrovUk6vINegpO3Hw2A1OKUCA
Venezuela is another country and that is not america.   we need to take care of business here.  i have a friend who has diabetis, blind in one eye, going blind in the other, kidneys certified shutting down, broken neck, broken back...he is out of medicine, he has been dumped by his doctor, and he was told by the social security lady that if you can see shadows you are not blind.

we failed to enforce the monroe doctrine over the falkland islands, we let the queen attack.

blowback will come some day.
I accuse Mexico of a land incursion with 20+ million people.
They don't need an air force - they have control of your oil supply!
*"We failed to enforce the monroe doctrine over the falkland islands, we let the queen attack."*  

That was in response to an attack by Argentina on a British possession, one where the population wanted British rule, I'm not sure how that works with regard to the Monroe doctrine, but I don't think that even the US could see a defensive act by an ally against an aggressor as an aggressive act against the US...
he might just start selling Venezuelan Oil to China instead.

And if the US tries to take him out - They could have another massive success on their hands - just like they have in Iraq.

I wonder what would happen to the price of gas.
If I was a really poor Mexican - I would probably try my best to go live in the USA - Just like your ancestors did.
It's unfortunate that they didn't fight my ancestors off or they might still own their homeland and I would be where I belong.
So are these figures worse since Chavez took over - or not?

Raw numbers like these are meaningless - unless we know what direction things are going in.

Give us some graphs - before and after Chavez.
I think they tried. - Maybe they will have another go.
They just want Chavez to shoot at it, so that we can have "Shock and Awe 08", live on Fox news.
They have oil? Check

   They finance terrorists? Check

   I'd say it's time! Fuck yeah America!
[deleted]
I think that they realized they can't beat the gringo by fighting so they will reoccupy their lands by numbers with migration and child births and play off of the compassion and greed of the gringo.
[deleted]
OMG THEY'RE ANGELS, maybe if you Lived here, and you know, suffered from the consequences of corruption, inflation, etc. You wouldn't picture the government  like the second coming of jebus. Oh, and gasoline here is 0.07 because we have lots of oil, common sense there buddy, I don't know if it's taxed or not, but the reason it's cheaper is because of the oil we have, not because of not having taxes. I'm not saying that OMG EVERYTHING in the government is bad. But almost everything is. I'm NOT going to argue about Venezuela's current situation, if you wanna believe that the war in Iraq is being good for us and think that fuck yeah america should stay in there, that's your opinion. But mankind will suffer the consequences of every mistake they make. I wouldn't be surprised if in 50 years from now half of USA's population dies because of some weird chemical mosanto putted in the crops. But there's a lot of evidence in there right now against mosanto in terms of morality, health, etc. But people choose not to do anything, well, be prepared to assume the consequences. Downmod me to -9999if you want, but it wont change the sad reality we're living in here, fucking us each other. I didn't divide this in paragraphs because reddit requires me to put some stupid syntax just to make a fucking new paragraph, it should be like in digg.
&gt;Venezuela doesn't tax their own people's gasoline like we do

They just steal their citizens' private property.
[deleted]
I heard oil was around $10 a barrel when he took office and now is over $120 and not a single school has been built. But all revolutionaires are driving Hummers and living la vida loca in europe and the caribbean.

Kleptocracy in its best incarnation!
No we didn't hear about it. It wasn't on the cover of the bloody New York Times. Only people like you who dare to look beyond corporate news could possibly have known.
Rememeber Manuel Noriega, how long did that take? where is he now? We really did not have a reason to go Panama, was  waving a machete on tv was no reason to go in there? Perhaps he had dirt on us perhaps not, but aside from that and the Panama canal, which was already theirs, no reason to go Panama, but we did. Now Chavez/Venezuela has oil! If he is not in power, he won't sell to anybody. Let's face it, whereas latin america is concerned, the US can place and remove presidents, dictators, "caudillos" and wanna be "Bolivar's" at will.  Not that I approve, but that's just the way I see it.
Yea, that plane was needed to bring in a couple of snipers. It's been decided that your country is right for a regime change. Cheque's in the mail.
Really?

So the IMF is stopping Venezuela from investing in sewer treatment plants?
you're wrong dude. i'm venezuelan and i've seen at least 2 public schools being made on tv and that's because i don't watch tv, so i guess they have made more. i'm not saying the government is perfect and that they're doing their best job or shit like that, but don't go around talking about shit you don't know.
Everyone who cares about democracy should watch this.  I don't know why you were downvoted.
You mean legally immigrate to the US from a foreign country by properly registering their family with government officials?
The only countries' airspace that we haven't violated are the ones that we don't care.
the united states of america picks and choses which international treaty it wants to uphold only at the time it wants to uphold it.  otherwise it declares such treaties not recognized.

hopefully, war crimes violations will be levied on our present leaders next year and they will be arrested wherever found.

again, the monroe doctorine still would have applied with the reasonable approach that north and south america would have handled the falkland ilands affair because great britain, ally or not is outside the monroe doctorine area of confleunce.

sure chavez may be tiny, and may be weak...but our own powerful nation is powerless over border inforcement and drug flow.   makes us macho mofo huh?

we torture our own people and refuse to admit it.
Probably right at the moment but in the internet era this to is changing.
Turn the oil pump off thats what! And then sell the surplus to China who will protect their trade.
Who fucking cares? Commies like Chavez deserve to be treated like shit.
Maybe I wasn't clear enough the first time, Argentina was the aggressor, not the victim.  If Germany had unilaterally invaded East Berlin  during the cold war, do  you think that NATO would have gotten involved in defending it against recapture?
Get him!
Because the CIA has certainly inserted agents into reddit.

Summary:
Venezuela is another country and that is not america.
I don't know why you were downvoted.
Nothing that's what, you will do, nothing.
- Maybe they will have another go.
The only countries that haven't accused us of airspace incursions are the ones who don't care.
The only countries' airspace that we haven't violated are the ones that we don't care.
Yeah, we did it, So Mr. Chavez, what are you going to do it about it?
And if the US tries to take him out - They could have another massive success on their hands - just like they have in Iraq.
They are the only country is trying to expose the new world order.
I'm not saying that OMG EVERYTHING in the government is bad.
Give us some graphs - before and after Chavez.
Now I guess the evil ones have to put an end to this.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
