Original Response:
Hell yeah that slum needs to be cleared out
I can't wait till the tables are turned and the religion fundamentalists of the US are rounded up and slaughtered like the pigs they are.
Civilians, armed militants, who cares right?  as long as it keeps the anti US rhetoric going, its all good, right?

Fucking tools.
Good morning, Vietnam.

/sigh
Thank god for unbiased sites like inforwars!
[Not the first time it happened](http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Cluster_bombing_of_Ni%C5%A1&amp;oldid=190935401).
Yes! In large contrast to the actual source of the article: that biased, non-trustworthy Iraqi member of Parliament. Who the hell is he to reveal that? Only the president himself has the authority!!

The one of the US.

Edit: OH! And let's not forget that the article itself **[wasn't even written by infowars](http://www.presstv.ir/detail.aspx?id=53346&amp;sectionid=351020201)**. For fucks sake, it MUST BE A LIE!
Cluster bombs rule
This is bullshit speculation.  They have no idea if it was *really* cluster bombs but they found the one village doctor to perform "technical and medical examination" to say it looked like it was so they can publish an alarmist story.

Why the hell would the US military use cluster bombs in a city?  It doesn't make any military sense.  In this day and age any air-to-ground engagements are done using guided munitions.  The military wants to make ABSOLUTELY SURE they kill the people they want to kill.  Not drop a non deterministic weapon like CBs.  CBs are good for infantry or equipment but suck in a tight environment like a city.
Also I have heard that AIDS was engineered by the Americans to wipe out Africans.
They have heard that it was a possibility, therefore it must be true.
It might well have not happened based on the source, but I don't think "military efficiency" does much to add to that case.  White phosphorus was dropped on Fallujah.
Ok first don't talk about Americans, America is much more than united state.

Aids come from monkeys...In other word, the virus mutated to human...i heard it was by sexual transmission. Any idea who first contracted the virus?
&gt; Cluster Bombs

Well how else are you going to bomb a cluster fuck?
*whoosh*
ya know since USA "won" and disbanded the Iraqi Army and claim to be fighting terrorists which by definition are not the armed forces of any nation  EVERYONE USA ATTACKS, INJURES, OR KILLS IN IRAQ IS A CIVILIAN.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AIDS_conspiracy_theories
[deleted]
The argument is basically that as cluster bombs and the sub munitions they distribute are indiscriminate in what they kill, unlike say a conventional missile or bomb.  

Therefore their use in certain conditions (i.e. in a built up area that has a lot of civilians / civilian infrastructure) may mean that their use contravenes the Geneva Conventions as it is incompatible with the obligation to distinguish between civilians and combatants.

Its a bit of a ropey position, but given the nature of cluster munitions it is probably not entirely without merit, leaving an area where civilians live, littered with small explosive devices wont endear you to the local population.

Of course whether they were used in this case appears to be questionable, if it turns out to be true then I assume all of these arguments will appear in the mainstream press, presented in a far more eloquent manner than I have done here.
[deleted]
You do realise the war is not against the Iraqi people right?
[deleted]
Bombing cities is generally prohibited, you can attack targets within cities, but you are supposed to do so whilst minimising both civilian casualties and damage to civilian infrastructure.

If you are bombing a target within a city you are supposed to try and ensure that all you are hitting is the target (although collateral damage does occur you are supposed to try to mitigate it), cluster bombs, unlike most other munitions, are not easily employable in this scenario hence the argument I posted before.

Obviously if it is a city that the civilian population has left you are fine, if one party in a conflict has purposefully decided to put its military infrastructure in civilian area's (and civilians are still present, sometimes described as 'using human shields') then that is a crime on the part of party using this tactic.

How all this equates to a resistance effort in an occupied country is less clear though.
Yea this is total bullshit - If they wanted to prove US was using cluster bombs, they would just show one of the many clusters that didn't blow. Theres always duds.
The munition in quesiton is highly unlikely to have even been stockpiled anywherenear Baghdad.  

Not unless a lot of people were disobeying direct orders regarding ROE.  Besides you don't use those in a city.  You shoot basic high explosive with delay fuses followed by the WP.
Nevermind making it even MORE dangerous for your own people to go on patrol in the area, and providing a handy source of HE for those smart enough to disarm the bomblets.
Novel idea.

Don't think it will catch on though.
Psh. You gotta spread the destruction over as large an area as possible...take care of the "embedded elements".
Ah yes a totally reliable story from the world's most unbiased site, Infowars.  The very same website that tells us our IQ has been lowered by at least 20 points because of fluoride in our water.  I feel bad giving this site another hit.
Ah yes a totally reliable story from the world's most unbiased site, Infowars.  The very same website that tells us our IQ has been lowered by at least 20 points because of fluoride in our water.  I feel bad giving this site another hit.
This argument has been had so many times.  Most countries use Americans to refer to people from the United States of America (maybe because of the America in the name!).  Also, no one ever says what continent they're from when someone asks where they're from.  How often do you hear "where are you from?" "Europe." No, they say what country they are from.  Also, even if that is what is meant that would refer to 2 entire continents that span the entire western hemisphere, a very vague answer indeed.  So yes, American does typically mean form the USA.  Stop with your conceded (and wrong), rather arrogant b.s.
Dude, about half of the US agrees with you.  Well maybe not with the whole violent killing part, but the basic gist of it is correct
Can you prove otherwise?
Actually in my experiences, most people cite the *city* in which they live when asked about where they are from.
Are you talking to someone from the same country?  That would obviously be different.  If I said what city I was from to someone from England the would have no idea where it is.
No, no, no.  It's "WE Use Cluster Bombs..."

/grammar Nazi
In my opinion, the usa citizenry should not feel that they themselves are responsible for these actions, any more than children should feel responsible for the actions of their parents. Many children in tough situations bemoan things, and wonder what they could have done differently to prevent adults from acting a certain way. But in reality, the adults are responsible for their own actions.
so we are the children of the government?  Yeah, sadly that is the case in modern times.  It wasn't always that way.  The US government should be highly subordinate to the US people.
in a democracy votes are the ammo, and citizens are the weapons.  Democracy inherently leads to attacks on civilians.  Once the world wakes up to that fact expect genocide to commence throughout the world.
well, it is far to successful for it to have been a government project.
I wasn't at all asserting that, Glak. I was just saying that we have less standing than those in positions of political power. We have no power over what they do, and thus we are not responsible for what they do - even if we voted on a whim or gullibly in favor of one or several of these politicians.

They are the ones acting, and they are ultimately the ones who are responsible for their own actions.
Didn't they drop a variant of Napalm too?
&gt;Also, no one ever says what continent they're from when someone asks where they're from
Yes, United State...Because i hope, you know that United State is the country, and America is the continent...

&gt;Most countries use Americans to refer to people from the United States of America (maybe because of the America in the name!)

I don't know how it started, but in no ways, it's right to say that. Who cares if its popular or not. When saying that it's like saying the whole america is yours. Wich is wrong.

&gt;Stop with your conceded (and wrong), rather arrogant b.s.

Ahah what is wrong in what i said. America is really a continent. United State is the country, So if i was wrong...his sentence would have been....

*Also I have heard that AIDS was engineered by the United States of America to wipe out Africans.*

wich is not the case...

And talking about arrogance, naming you by the name of the whole continent is rather more arrogant, than asking to stop to use it because i can't say that i'm an american wich is right. But if i say that, i'll probably get rock thrown at me. While i'm not from the united state. Because of all this, we cannot be proud of being born in america because. here, there are people that are doing a massacre, always vote against UN, and we don't really like to take the blame over...America. 

People are tagging Iraq, Vietnam etc to America wich is not right. So no stop being arrogant and use the name of your country. Not the continent...
it is realistically extremely doubtful that HIV first entered humans through any form of sexual contact with monkeys, cats, or any other animal for that matter.
The continent is North America.  There is also a continent called South America.  There's an area of North America called Central America.  There is in fact no continent called America, so no we are not naming ourselves by any continent.  The term American is used because the country has America in it's name, unlike other countries in the area.  Also if you were right, why would everyone vote you down (don't say popular support for the U.S. because the U.S. clearly isn't very popular in Reddit)?  I don't know what someone else's comment about AIDS has to do with anything.
&gt;There is in fact no continent called America

Funniest comment ever...
Perhaps you are thinking of Antarctica sir.

Other then that there is North America and South America.
Because it is Infowars...aka all they want is to publish some anti-American story.

I mean, this site claims that fluoride makes you stupid....not a word they say can be taken seriously.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continent
ah sorry America is a landmass who knew..
Anyway that doesn't give United State the right to appropriate the name of a landmass?

and here funny look at the terminology

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Americas#French_usage

and what i found there...
**However, the usage of Amérique to refer to the United States, while technically not correct**
The current worldwide standard is the 7 continent model, which has no America.  You can follow a completely different standard altogether if you want, but don't expect anyone to know what you're talking about.  When I make calculations intended for international use I use metric units, not English units, even though I'm American (thats right I'm American) because I know that most people don't follow my standard.  Also, French usage involves the Americas, not America.  This is a different thing altogether.  I would totally agree that you are from the Americas.  Also, we're speaking English not French so who the French usage really doesn't matter.
I guess if you happen to use the model used by less then 5% of the world population you are correct.
&gt; We have no power over what they do, and thus we are not responsible for what they do

but that shouldn't be true.  If the government were weaker the politicians would have to worry about assassination more, or perhaps they simply would no longer be welcome in the neighborhood when they got out.
There should be some big changes in our form of government. After two hundred years, our society has changed enough to make it worthwhile to think about some reforms.

Summary:
The one of the US.
America is really a continent.
The continent is North America.
I would totally agree that you are from the Americas.
There is also a continent called South America.
Why the hell would the US military use cluster bombs in a city?
I don't know how it started, but in no ways, it's right to say that.
Besides you don't use those in a city.
No, they say what country they are from.
So no stop being arrogant and use the name of your country.
Ok first don't talk about Americans, America is much more than united state.
There is in fact no continent called America, so no we are not naming ourselves by any continent.
When saying that it's like saying the whole america is yours.
Also I have heard that AIDS was engineered by the Americans to wipe out Africans.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
