Original Response:
[deleted]
[deleted]
But if you don't support paying taxes to the government you don't care about the poor.

-Socialist
THEY ENDED UP DOING THE SAME THING 40 YEARS LATER ANYWAY TO GET US INTO IRAQ.  9/11 WAS AN INSIDE JOB, WAKE UP SHEEPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you crazy conspiracy theorists with all your factual information -- who do you think you are?  Just because the government approves a plan to attack its own people and then seemingly carries it out in reality doesn't mean anything.  Stop drawing conclusions where it is extremely evident!
9/11 was an inside job.
Hijacking EMPTY planes.
40 years later.... they learned how to keep secrets shut ;)
[deleted]
9/11 was an inside job.

9/11 was a controlled demolition.

Knowing this still does not matter unless the MSM truly BELIEVES the truth.  If the MSM says it's bullshit, it's bullshit to 75% of the American yokels.
False flag attacks, in MY country?

It's more likely than you think.
Who on reddit didn't already know about this?
Here is a short video about operation northwoods.  There is also CIA confessions in using the mafia in hits.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3LM5UI4Hrw&amp;feature=user
Eventually shit always floats to the surface!
Fucking awesome.

The bit about the staged downing of a civilian aircraft carrying college students on holiday by a Cuban Mig was priceless.
I have another phrase to describe 'conspiracy theories', that would be 'rational behavior'.  Don't forget the Gulf of Tonkin.
After reading other sources, Its fairly obvious that these attacks would have been fake attacks committed against the Gitmo base and not on innocent civilians as a pretext for attacking Cuba. The document DOES NOT include killing innocent people.

And obviously, it didn't happen otherwise Cuba would be a different (not better mind you) but different place than it is today.
But I don't care about social capital or infrastructure and I'm an ideological windbag.

-reddit libertarian
Another sensational headline which makes its own assumptions.  Nowhere in this document does it mention "killing innocent people."  It's all smoke and mirrors.  C'mon reddit.. this is a joke.
[deleted]
Putting aside arguments of the planes being flown into the towers with the government's blessing, what are the arguments against people's disbelief as voiced in this video?

http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=2873871255585611926&amp;q=World+Trade+Center&amp;total=14147&amp;start=10&amp;num=10&amp;so=0&amp;type=search&amp;plindex=5
This sarcasm is pretty weak.  Besides which, Northwoods not only never happend it was never even close to being implimented.

But of course this is reddit so USA BAD BAD BAD EVIL BAD
way to miss the point.

the point is not that Northwoods ended up getting shot down, it's the simple fact that the people in the highest reaches of government sought to pull off large scale miltary operations for the sole purpose of propaganda aimed at making the american people believe that they are under attack or threat of attack to promote their agenda (in this case attacking cuba)

i'm sure you've heard the phrase, those that don't learn history are doomed to repeat it.
The difference, I think, is that you look at the fact that something like this could be planned at the highest levels and are fearful. I look at it and am relieved that the system works, and nothing came of it.

That being said, I'll be downmodded for my opinion because I am not screaming doom-and-gloom.  If anything, the Northwood events are a bit reassuring.
You mean, the video which starts out with the line:

&gt; "To be highly certain of something, with a very low order of evidence, or in contradiction to a mountain of evidence, is a sign that something is wrong with your mind." - Sam Harris

I am happy to consider this a valid yardstick by which we measure the truth of 9/11.

Now please explain to all of us, just how it is that you've come to believe it was Afghanistan-based Muslim terrorists who were responsible for 9/11 when you don't have anything more than the declaration from the media and the government that it was so?

Even FBI Director Mueller categorically states that there is _no_ evidence linking al Qaeda to the attack that day.

I spun up the video, at your request.  And I don't even need to go past the first frame to refute you.

edit:  Oh, and to add to the credibility of the producers of this video, they give us as their url:

http://tinyurl.com/2rcpjl

I guess wtc7lies.googlepages.com sounded too stupid.

edit:  I can't believe I'm continuing to watch this shit, but I am.  Anyways, I'm up to 02:25, where the point is made that the sound of explosions preceding the tower falling is fake.  Yet, we have [all kinds of testimony](http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/eyewitness.html) from people who were there that these sounds were anything but fake.

It really does look like these idiots added fake sounds to an existing newsreel for no other purpose than creating a strawman.

edit:  We are later treated to various videos of buildings being taken down by explosives in order to buttress the idea that no explosives were used (or heard) when the towers fell on 9/11.  Of course, these videos are of relatively tiny buildings, recorded at relatively very close range, whereas the video we have of the towers is tightly edited and taken from a vantage point much further away.  Together, it doesn't prove anything, and it certainly doesn't serve to dispute in any way the multiple testimonies of people who were actually there as to their hearing sounds of explosives prior to the towers falling.

edit:  We next get treated to an excerpt from the "Loose Change" video, which I am no fan of, which is mocked because it features no sounds of explosions as the tower falls.  Of course, there's no sound of the tower falling either.  It's too far away.  And in any event, in all of these videos we are asked to believe that the sound being output is actually in sync with the video being shown.  

edit:  They say that they've reviewed the accounts of 600 people who described what the collapses sounded like, and that only "11%" said they sounded anything like explosions.

I'm guessing these people were probably the ones who were closest to the towers before they fell.  Like [these guys](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcRs1fv8i3I).

edit:  Now we're treated to footage from the GE News Network that shows a guy who heard the plane crashing into the tower and tries to misdirect us into thinking that is the sound of the explosion the firefighters on the street heard.  The phrase here is "laughably desperate".

edit:  Video of a crane falling is now being used to demonstrate that explosive sounds can be sourced from other kinds of events, but of course, these sounds aren't anything like the sounds we hear the firefighters witnessing.

edit:  And now we're made to suffer the claims that hundreds if not thousands of pounds of explosives were used to fell the towers, when apparently only much less than that is required.  So what?  Obviously people who knew what they were doing performed this job, and they used the amount necessary to get the job done.  The rest of us have no expertise in this field, so we're just guessing.  It doesn't in any way dispute the allegation that the towers were brought down by explosives.  The point is also made that explosives are loud, we're treated to video of a gallery of people witnessing the demolition of a bridge who recoil from the sound.  The sound of a bridge that is maybe 400 yards distant.

edit:  Now we're told that no demolitions were seen or heard on 9/11, that if they had they would have been recorded on audio and video.  Of course, every single example of a building exploding that these morons gives us was scheduled.  People knew in advance that it was going to explode.  So they had the opportunity to record these demolitions with some degree of fidelity.

And in any event, it doesn't matter, we have video and audio of the cutter explosives preceding the towers falling and it is compelling and it is most telling that the producers of this video chose not to attempt to refute the real evidence we have as to what really happened.

edit:  Now featured is someone who is presented as being an expert and who is testifying as to the "fact" that the towers collapse is well understood and that the planes striking the towers is all that is needed to understand why.  The expert of course does not speak as to WTC 7, because of course, no planes hit WTC 7.  Huh.

edit:  Sadly I am out of time for today.  It is worth noting that Loose Change could easily be COINTELPRO.  Rivero at WRH likes to make this point; Loose Change talks up the idea that a missile -- not a plane -- struck the Pentagon, but why?  Why, if planes were obviously(?) used to strike the towers, would a missile be used to hit the Pentagon?  Rivero makes the point that the effort is being made to bundle up all of the 9/11 truth movement around the missile theory with the intent of one day showing a video clearly demonstrating that it was indeed a plane which hit the Pentagon and with one fell swoop discrediting all of the 9/11 truth movement, once and for all.

I should point out however that this is what I originally thought about Rivero and the theory that bombs brought down the towers.  After continuing to review the evidence however, specifically, the plumes that precede the collapsing floors and which cannot be dismissed as compressive explosions, I have to act like Sherlock Holmes.  Dismiss the impossible, cling to the improbable.  Wow.

Anyone who is serious about drug policy reform knows all about how our government engages in COINTELPRO, i.e., subversive propaganda.  MPP and DPA are almost certainly COINTELPRO projects designed to suck the oxygen out of the drug policy reform movement, and they are currently succeeding brilliantly.

Our goverment, our media, these people who run our lives; they are the most hideous and brutal people who have ever inhabited this world, and it really shouldn't surprise anybody that this is so, as this is what we are.  Of course we're going to get better at this shit as time goes on.
operation northwoods is factual, i don't think this is disputed as this is part of the public record.

no, it did not get final approval from President Kennedy (which is not suprising).  The fact that it was approved by the joint chiefs, is the important point.
You speak as though there aren't things that might of happened you don't know about.

If Northwoods did happen do you think the papers would ever saw the light of day?

You appear to be blissfully ignorant.
You missed the point.   You think this is the ONLY time the government outlined a detailed plan to plainly destroy US ships and use the casualties to create a better atmosphere for a declaration of war?
I'm not going to downmod you, but just some food for thought.

John F. Kennedy was president at the time.  It is rumored that the only reason that Northwoods was never carried out was because Kennedy personally rejected it.  Regardless of that, you would almost assume that you would need approval from the president to carry something like this out.

Now, back then we had Kennedy in office to help keep stuff like this from happening.

For the past 8 years we've had Bush in office.  If it were him instead of Kennedy, I'm sure we'd still be mourning those dead college students.

I'm not disagreeing with your viewpoint, I just don't have the same faith in the system or the Bush administration.
Unfortunatly, they do not declasify the documents that show how US forces DID carry out activities like this, at home and abroad on destabiliation missions.
I will wait for your private message detailing some sinister plotting that DIDN'T take place 40 years ago. One for which you have evidence and is going on right now.  

I hate to be ignorant.
He personally rejected it? Thank god. I'm sure his incredibly public assassination had nothing to do with that!
I'm sorry I don't have smoking gun evidence to spoon feed you.

The point is you're acting as though our government would just up and declassify that kind of information if it exists.

I'm not saying I'm convinced a rogue element in our government pulled off 9/11.  But never discount the abilities of powerful men with little morals and lots of agenda.
or the fact that James Jesus Angleton (head of the Clandestine arm of the CIA at the time) caught JFK giving his CIA briefing to RFK who was forwarding this info to the Soviets as a good will effort to promote peace.

or the fact that Kennedy was going to disband the CIA and "scatter their ashes to the wind"

or the fact that Kennedy signed an executive order giving the government back the power to coin money and tried to shut down the federal reserve by creating a United States currency coined by the federal government and backed by silver.  (he died before any were issued but the executive order is still in place)

i'm sure there were probably a few other reasons.
[deleted]
&gt;I'm sorry I don't have smoking gun evidence to spoon feed you.

desnarkfied - I don't have evidence。

But, I'm ignorant, and you're not.  That means you know something that I don't.  What do you know?
We neeeeeed war so bad... let's make it happen!  People will thanks us later.
Uh, do any of you all work for the government?
Have any of you prepared a document for the government?
What about for the Defense Department?

I sure haven't, so I am seeking context. The government has all kinds of things written up that they would never employ. It's just a document, probably to counterpoint the real strategy they implemented.
This proves nothing, other than that reddit is full of anti-US liberals who will downmod me because they disagree, not because they can refute/contextualize this.
You said it yourself.  You're willing to be ignorant until you have "evidence" in other words.

I never said you have to believe anything.  I just wish people would keep an open mind.  Your position seems to be that our government is run by Boy Scouts until you hear otherwise.
If they would do that, and the entire Joint Chiefs signed off on it, they would to anything. Including 911.
it mentions that the goal is to initiate large scale military operations against cuba.

even if nobody died while they were lobbing mortars into gitmo and blowing ammunition up on the base, do you honestly think that no innocent people would die as a result of "large scale military operations"?
... in early 1960s. Yeah, we have the same Joint Chiefs as 1960, with the same president and congress. Does anybody RTFA, and I mean the original FA, not some site whose tag line is "Reliable, verifiable information on major cover-ups" that looks like it was designed by a guy high on shrooms?
so.. 40 years ago..someone wrote something.. wow.
What are you talking about?  I have an open mind.  My mind is open.  Spoon your knowledge into my mind.  Did you notice how my comment ended with a question mark?

When did I say anything about boy scouts? I know that Northwoods among many other things have been planned, and that the people who planned them are bad men.  

My mind is as open as you want.  Tell me.  Just tell me something so that I don't have to be ignorant.
It's obvious that the Joint Chiefs were nothing but a bunch of dirty, hippie, liberal commies who signed off on this to get the america-hatin' crowd all riled up.
You should do something about it, if you really believe it, instead of spending god knows how long on a post that I just downvoted.
so.. 221 years ago..someone wrote something.. wow.
&gt; You should do something about it

Beyond speaking truth to power, there is what exactly?
Weren't you the one professing that the Super Bowl was going to be a false flag attack?
Nice irrelevant post, guess it makes your epeen feel big, let the adults talk though, ok?  We will go to Chuck E. Cheese if you clean your room.
But I don't care about social capital or infrastructure and I am an apathetic windbag.

-reddit contrarian
My penis is small ( I think). But should we be talking about my penis? I'm only 13.
[deleted]
You keep stroking it in public, so it has become a public penis.
I don't masturbate. I told you I was a kid. I'm reporting you you pervert.
Then stop bringing it into the public forum?
I don't know.  What really boggles my mind is that there are so many people out there who believe that our government was involved in 9/11 (to varying degrees) and still no one has "done" anything about it.  

And a lot of those people, the ones who believe it, can seem to be a bit, I dunno, crazy.
I CANT!!!
Stop talking about my penis you creep!
Don't worry party vans on the way.
[deleted]
yay!  party!
Who wouldn't believe everything on a site endorsed by John H., Byron B., and Alicia R.?

http://www.wanttoknow.info/index.shtml
there are actually a lot of people working on 9/11 truth from a number of aspects, there public speakers, lawsuits, protests, films, papers, editorials, blogs, etc... to me people are 'doing something'
[worldnews] is not the new [politics]
Puke on my chest, baby.
Helping, nudging, letting things happen provides much more plausible deniability.
Time for a "vote up if you think 9/11 was an inside job" post.
Operation Northwoods (which was rejected 50 years ago) proves 9/11 was orchestrated so the US could invade irrelevant Afghanistan, and then Iraq (the black gold prize) even though there is no actual connection (not that they didn't try hard to fantasize one).

I don't think so. That's not the way I would have done the perfect false flag operation.

But hey, don't feel bad, one false theory crumbles while another is invigorated.
The US allows anti-Castro terrorists to operate within the US, just so they can [kill diplomats](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opposition_to_Fidel_Castro#Attacks_in_the_United_States) that support ties with Cuba.
People that joined since it was #1 last time?
But downmod is the new downmod.
Mindless conspiracy bashing is so 1999.
You two settle down back there or I'm turning this thread around.
You all know that 10,000 people just died in Burma, right?  And this is what you're filling the worldnews reddit with?
Yes, but that would be a part of the war, not the pretext. So the title is still wrong.
So at what point does it make sense to significantly increase the risk of getting caught by demolishing three building for no reason, or by using a missile where a plane could as well be used?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Does it make sense? I don't know, but the events of that day obviously had a big impact on the U.S. government's foreign and domestic policy. If it was a conspiracy, it seems that the desired effect was achieved. 

Anyway, this line of questioning is secondary. The appropriate primary line of questioning: is the official story plausible?
No, I think the only line of questioning is which story is the most plausible? Questioning stories and leaving it at that won't lead anywhere.
&gt;These documents demonstrate clearly that our military has no moral or ethical difficulty in developing plans which not only sacrifice the lives of innocent American citizens, but clearly trick and manipulate the American people in order to forward the war agenda.

[U.S. Military Drafted Plans to Terrorize U.S. Cities to Provoke War With Cuba
](http://web.archive.org/web/20010503070724/http://abcnews.go.com/sections/us/DailyNews/jointchiefs_010501.html)

&gt;In the early 1960s, America's top military leaders reportedly drafted plans to kill innocent people and commit acts of terrorism in U.S. cities to create public support for a war against Cuba.

&gt;Code named Operation Northwoods, the plans reportedly included the possible assassination of Cuban émigrés, sinking boats of Cuban refugees on the high seas, hijacking planes, blowing up a U.S. ship, and even orchestrating violent terrorism in U.S. cities.

&gt;America's top military brass even contemplated causing U.S. military casualties, writing: "We could blow up a U.S. ship in Guantanamo Bay and blame Cuba," and, "casualty lists in U.S. newspapers would cause a helpful wave of national indignation."
Remember the Maine, to hell with Spain!
In the 60's a car was the new hat, and now a Hummer or SUV is the new tin foil hat.
So history is synonymous with conspiracy theory? I guess that's why they call it history theory now.
Soldiers are not innocent people? Are they condemned criminals to be executed at random for questionable objectives?
To all who cannot bring themselves to accept the strangeness of reality I would like to ask one question.

Ten years ago would you have thought it even remotely possible that the U.S. government would be involved in the Middle East as it currently is, with all the scandals, torture, bankruptcy of the U.S. economy, gas over $4/gallon, Constitution a near-useless piece of paper, and the U.S. presidential race involving John McCain, Hillary Clinton and a half-black American son of a student from Kenya whom you've never even heard of?

You would NEVER have imagined it, yet it's true.  Truth is FAR stranger than what you imagine to be fiction.
Fuck you communist hippies
Are you dense? They fake the attacks, not actually do them.
Civil Engineers as well. Unfortunately ASCE isn't exactly the most government removed organization in engineering. 

Many independent studies are being done though. If i have some time tonight after my labs, I'll come back with some sources, but until then Google could be a big assest.

I'm not claiming anything here as I have not studied it in any detail yet. Though, I would like to go into failure analysis so I might take some really close looks at it this summer.
I'm actually truly dense. Not just dense for the audience like you, my friend.
&gt;liberals

That word, I do no think it means what you think it means.
Fuck stuff that actually happened, we're still playing make-believe! SHEEPLE

If it wasn't something we can blame on Dick Cheney we're not interested.
Remember the Maine.
I have none, sorry.   But any government (I suspect most) that can draft these plans, appears more than able and willing to carry them out under certain and specific circumstances when they think the benefit outweighs the consequences.   Simply put, I don't have faith that they would NOT carry out a similar plan - and in that case, there would be a chance I may be a 'consequence'.

Which country's probably don't do this?   One's who have no desire to invade other countries, or control the population to the degree the US does.
Reassuring!?! The fact that there was ever anyone in our government who thought that was a good idea is certainly not reassuring.
jeep grand cherokeee 1994 ! Leredo! 19mpg!
it is physically painful for me to read some of the crap posted around. If you think the government has some big cover, leave...or do something besides provoke these endless retarded threads in reddit. We get the idea, you think the government is bad. This isnt anywhere near the first time anyone has posted about northwoods, no one is surprised, only people like yourself care, and it never care close to happening. Just wait till you see the crazy shit we drew up for iran in 40 years. How about you, ya know...leave this crap out of reddit and keep it to INTERESTING stuff like it use to be, not just thinly vieled political garbage.
Bush would be the guy to one up those pussies that hijack empty planes
How do you know I wasn't the one who prevented it?
[deleted]
Cockadoodledoooooo!
[deleted]
I would sooner destroy you as I would a piece of art.

(or, something like that)
How, by posting on a social modding site?

If that's all it takes to destroy a government conspiracy, I don't think we have much to worry about.
It may be an outlandish notion, but not entirely out of the realm of possibility.

In any case, the false-flag attack has a very real history that cannot be disputed.  I have no regrets.
There is a difference between admitting that false flag attacks exist and announcing that an event will be a false flag attack with little to no supporting evidence.  

All you're doing in that case is creating fear... which isn't EXACTLY what a false flag attack is supposed to do in the first place?

Summary:
It's more likely than you think.
That means you know something that I don't.
I have an open mind.
I never said you have to believe anything.
Just tell me something so that I don't have to be ignorant.
We get the idea, you think the government is bad.
I just wish people would keep an open mind.
If that's all it takes to destroy a government conspiracy, I don't think we have much to worry about.
People will thanks us later.
I'm guessing these people were probably the ones who were closest to the towers before they fell.
One for which you have evidence and is going on right now.
9/11 was an inside job.
That's not the way I would have done the perfect false flag operation.
desnarkfied - I don't have evidence。

But, I'm ignorant, and you're not.
The difference, I think, is that you look at the fact that something like this could be planned at the highest levels and are fearful.
If anything, the Northwood events are a bit reassuring.
&gt;liberals

That word, I do no think it means what you think it means.
But downmod is the new downmod.
I'm sorry I don't have smoking gun evidence to spoon feed you.
My penis is small ( I think).
operation northwoods is factual, i don't think this is disputed as this is part of the public record.
Anyways, I'm up to 02:25, where the point is made that the sound of explosions preceding the tower falling is fake.
And a lot of those people, the ones who believe it, can seem to be a bit, I dunno, crazy.
I'm not claiming anything here as I have not studied it in any detail yet.
You speak as though there aren't things that might of happened you don't know about.
The document DOES NOT include killing innocent people.
edit:  Sadly I am out of time for today.
But should we be talking about my penis?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.20
