Original Response:
China and India are risking a lot investing in Africa, though they claim to have learned from whites how not to treat the locals. though i doubt that, especially with the whole Tibet issue, and also India's thousand year ongoing discrimination against their own Dalit people..
Uh, the US has gigantic subsidies for wind, solar, and biomass. There are 54 cent per gallon subsidies for ethanol and a mandate which requires fuel provides to use billions of gallons of ethanol a year.

Venture capitalists like John Doerr and Vinod Khosla are investing billions looking for alternative energy sources. 

Oil is above $100 a barrel. Everyone wants to figure out new, cheap fuel to capture some of the trillions being spent on oil.  

How are we not searching for alternative energy?
Thats OK.  Nigeria has WMDs and the people there need freedom and democracy....Time for the "allies" to go in...
Ironically, instead of searching for alternative energy, this headline is busy pointing a finger at America for pointing a finger at China.
Typical whitey, confusing domestic and foreign policy.
because the OP couldnt find it on the front page of news.google.com  thats why.
Typical redditor, confusing stupidity with wit.
LOL I rest my case.
India and China are investing a lot in alternative energy as well. Example, is a guy named Tulsi who started Suzlon Energy turning into a billionaire in a very few years. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suzlon
Let me just solve the energy crisis for you ok? Electric cars powered by a bigger energy grid, fueled by solar panels and wind generators. Crisis solved.

Hopefully somebody will come up with better energy storage and transmittal techniques - and they will, and this is the problem, but the energy crisis has been solved for 30 years.

If somebody can develop massive batteries and lasers that can transmit and recieve energy, our energy crisis is over. This is the summary. That's all it is. It's no big crisis. Oil companies lie - get over it.

I lived on a sailboat in the Caribbean for two years - my diesel engine died, I had only two solar panels, a wind generator, and a 4D battery... this was plenty. I sailed to Mexico, Cuba, the Bohamas, Miami, Ft. Lauderdale, and all of the Florida Keys - with no engine.

When I was 16, some dude in Wyoming built an electric car that could go 120 miles on one charge... this was plenty - that was 30 years ago, I'm not kidding.

It's not a fucking crisis... it's just the spread of common fucking sense. That's all we need - common sense.

The real crisis is stupidity.

Buy some solar panels - you'll be amazed. Cost to brew a pot of coffee? Nothing. Cost to run a fan? Nothing. Cost to run your computer? Nothing. Cost to run your Internet connection? Nothing. 1 Solar panel can provide enough electricity for your computer, your router, your coffee pot, and your fan. One.... $300.00, that's all it takes. ONE.

Now you see why it's such a crisis? Because the companies that sell energy to you don't want you to know what you don't need to know.

Proof? Exxon - $37 billion profits 4th quarter of 2007. Thirty-Seven Billion Dollars. Fucking Thirty-Seven Billion dollars... $37 billion... do you know how much that is? It's fucking $37 billion dollars, that's how much it is.

Do you need more proof?
Ironically, instead of searching for alternative energy, this comment is busy pointing a finger at the headline for pointing a finger at America for pointing a finger at China.
Don't bother feeding this "intellectual" dumb ass. He runs around reddit spewing racism and trolling.
I'm searching for alternative energy right now.
*farts*
all the corn that goes into ethanol uses more energy in the farming and transport than it saves.

Ethanol is just a scam!
Alternative energy is bullshit, that's why. You want to cover up the fuckin' planet with your little wind mills like those jackasses out in Palm Springs? 

We have alternative energy right now. It's called Nuclear Fuckin' Power.
Can you be more specific about the $300 solar panels that can run all these equipments? Where can I get it, how much watts does it produce etc.
I don't know why you're being downmodded.  *intellectual* is the neopseudonym of *racist*, one of the more infamous reddit trolls of yesteryear.  His whole shtick is a trite anti-white racism.
And the US treatment of Amerian Indians, and the Britain treatment of Irish, and Spanish treatment of Bask...
I would be very interested in this too. Thanks.
I wanna see that solar panel.
...which is the most dangerous way to generate energy mankind ever have invented.

The waste nuclear plants make will remain lethal for thousands of years.

A malfunction/error at one of the plants could result in a worse disaster than a malfunction/error at any other kind of power station.

The fuel and the plants are both prime terrorist targets.
----
Still think going nuclear is such a great idea?
&gt;It's called Nuclear Fuckin' Power.

That sounds so awesome if you imagine Duke Nukem saying it.
Why did you say "neopseudonym" when you could have said "new pseudonym"? It's a hell of a lot more understandable.
The U.S. (and Europe) also imports a lot of ethanol from Brazil: http://ethanol-news.newslib.com/story/6938-23429/
According to the World Health Organization air pollution kills 4.6 million people A YEAR. If you exclude accidents at Soviet nuclear plants, nuclear power plants are responsible for maybe a dozen deaths since 1950.
Nuclear waste is going to be lethal. As long as you don't break into Yucca mountain and use hundreds of pounds of explosives to crack open a canister so you can drink the stuff, you'll be fine.
As for other forms of power. Do you know what would happen if a natural gas tanker blew up in the port of Los Angeles?
*EDIT: Also can't leave out the thousands of coal mining deaths in China each year and Piper Alpha to cover the dangers of other power forms.
Your computer maybe, but the electric heater in a coffee pot, and the motor in a fan (depends on size of course) draws a lot more current. You wont AC your house in a hot area that has any humidity, you wont run a refrigerator all the time, you wont heat a house in the winter, you wont heat an oven. The biggest draws of current are heating elements and motors.

Someone commented to me about how Spain set a record for highest percentage of demand provided by a wind farm: http://www.treehugger.com/files/2008/03/spain-wind-power-record-41-percent.php

But it was only at a time of low demand, and it was only for a moment in time.

&gt;Hopefully somebody will come up with better energy storage 

Well they haven't. You know it, because you typed it, but then you commented that the problem of alternative energy has been solved. It has not. Ca has a huge wind farm in Tehachapi. They're changing out the smaller turbines for larger ones, and the two largest electric utilities in southern Ca have commited to projects there. It still isn't projected to provide more than 1 percent of Ca needs. One can make it look attractive by adding up the maximum output, and pair it with the minumum demand, but that's shady.
Oh god not that again.
The Bush Co's solution to Global Warming is "Let's Pollute Together!"
Why aren't solar paneled roofs the norm yet? How long would it take for a regular sized solar paneled roof to pay for itself?
Google doesn't count.
In case you didn't know it, oil companies are FUCKING OVER Nigeria.  Read here: http://www.hrw.org/reports/1999/nigeria/    and here: http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=4797925     and here: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/1732196.stm
Don't dare bring up something that America has done wrong.  That would be un-American!
America is at its height of hypocrisy...
As another poster pointed out, subsidies for ethanol are counterproductive, and we are also spending all the money we have and five times more that we don't have pissing off all the oil nations in order to save Israel's sorry ass. THAT is how we are both not looking for alternatives AND losing the oil age end-game.
I'm posting this message on a very clear day in Beijing, meaning you can almost make out the outline of clouds through the smog. I'd rather take my chances with nuke plants than be certain of shortening my life due to the pollution from coal plants.
We ought to do something about this!  it is hypocricy to allow the africans to sell their oil to the axis of evil. also this sounds dangerously close to giving state control over the oil. check http://www.cato.org/pub_display.php?pub_id=8778 for facts about this!

Summary:
Alternative energy is bullshit, that's why.
How are we not searching for alternative energy?
I'm searching for alternative energy right now.
We have alternative energy right now.
India and China are investing a lot in alternative energy as well.
It's fucking $37 billion dollars, that's how much it is.
Let me just solve the energy crisis for you ok?
It's called Nuclear Fuckin' Power.
Cost to run a fan?
Cost to run your computer?
Electric cars powered by a bigger energy grid, fueled by solar panels and wind generators.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
