Original Response:
Riots over food rock Yemen.

There was a food riot in Animal House.
&gt;Rising food prices helped trigger the protests. The price of wheat has doubled since  February, while rice and vegetable oil have gone up 20%. 

Just a nit pick, but I really don't like it when they word it like this.  They should say something like, "dropping currency values have put food prices out of to reach to many, the government and banks have watered down the currency value by as much as 20%"  ... you see, this puts blame where blame is due, the governments and banks of the world fucking with the money as of late instead of on some magical price rise.
I have never heard of this Food Riots band -- sounds like a thrash / hippie fusion. Link?
Food prices are sky rocketing all over the arab world. Arab governments, except UAE , are doing nothing to counter it.
It will only get worse.  At the behest of the WTO, nations began opening themselves up to more rice importation at the cost of their own rice production. Further, this same WTO also pushed for the same sort of rice importation into Africa which led many African nations away from their staples of grain and millet and onto  imported rice.

Further compounding the this problem were during the 90's many rice producing nations had grown large stocks of rice, but saw no reason in keeping them stocked at capacity as the price of rice was in the decline, thus leading to large downsizing of rice stocks, and a further hesitation to keep rice.  Now, given that rice is one of the few commodities that isn't nearly actively traded (something along the lines of 5%~20% of rice stocks get traded), and the global market well and truly is global, market fluctuations in Northern India where one of the few rice trades exists, reflects globally on the world rice market.  Thus we see global rice prices having doubled in the 12 month time frame since last year.  Prices will be slightly alleviated with the South American harvest, but South America has never been a global player in the rice export and their impact is expected to be minimal.  The Vietnamese harvest is also coming, but most of that is going to its own people and to alleviate the shortages in the surrounding areas, especially Bangladesh. (Bangladesh has a population of 15m ultra-poor the government must fend for else risk rioting)

Now what does this have to do with biofeuls?   Rising incentives for biofeul crops have in areas capped the amount of land used for rice or as seen in others, began reversing the amount of available land.

Anyway, I suddenly lost complete interest in continuing writing more.  Sorry.

tl;dr
famous food riots: [wiki link](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Food_riots)
Yeah, what you said.  Except I'll correct you and say it isn't a nitpick, it's a necessary correction to the article.

Use of passive voice in news articles leads to misinterpretation and the belief things happen by magic instead of actual governments and organizations.
This is not nearly as comical as I was hoping.
Food riot in progress. Approximately fifteen-hundred civilians. Moving 
in. 

Yankee-nine-niner, the crowd is unarmed. Repeat unarmed. Abort attack. 
Acknowledge, Yankee-nine-niner.
\m/
A number of factors, criminal central banks causing inflation, peak oil, and population growth will cause food prices to soar.
I'm not sure how blocking roads and burning tires will get food to them any quicker (or cheaper).
Besides the whole human-rights-violations problem, UAE has consistently shown a great deal more intelligence and foresight than their middle-eastern neighbors.  They have invested a lot of their oil money in infrastructure that will survive the depletion of oil reserves, and have done their best to put their economy and education on equal footing with the west.  I think that other middle-eastern states will grow jealous of UAE's success and either attack them, or become more like them.
Except that's not what happened.

Dropping currency value is NOT the main cause of rising food prices.

The demand for ethanol is.

A few years ago 5% of the U.S. corn supply went to ethanol. This year 20% did. The rise in demand for ethanol creates a rise in demand for corn. Since wheat and soybeans compete with corn for land, their price has gone up as well.

If you really want to blame the government, at least pick your targets better:
&gt; There have long been tax breaks to encourage production of ethanol, and last year President Bush signed a law mandating a substantial increase in the use of renewable fuels, principally ethanol, over the next 15 years.


While we're at it, you can blame these governments as well:

&gt;According to Reuters, Argentina, the world's fourth largest wheat exporter, has imposed a ban on wheat exports until April 8, in order to, in the words of the country’s Agriculture Secretariat, “keep local supplies from being affected.”

&gt;Bolivia, Honduras, and Pakistan have banned wheat or corn exports, while China has imposed or increased export taxes on wheat, corn, barley, oats and soybeans, in order to deter exports of those commodities.


And here's the kicker... 
[They're predicting less corn next year](http://reddit.com/info/6el0c/comments/)
I wanna rock!!
Good evening, Yemen.  Do you wanna rock?  I can't hear you!  Do you wanna rock!?
Could not agree more. Nice analysis.
Saudi Arabia has been utterly condemned on reddit for doing just this.
I'm genuinely curious - condemned for doing what exactly?  I'm fairly new here, and I can't recall having seen any article on SA.
Can you be more specific?
Browse through the comments accompanying any of the submissions concerning Saudi Arabias diversification program. Detraction abound.
We built this city...!!
I agree with you. It's really because of how Saudi is portrayed in the American Media. If you'd ask any American, what do you know about Saudi? They will either say nothing or any typical Hollywood stereotype. Sand niggers, sand donkeys, extreme wahabists, etc etc. 

Still, Saudi does things that actually put it in hot water and sometimes it really deserves it.

At least Americans should really appreciate the fact that Saudi is not letting go of pegging the Saudi Riyal to the Dollar. Else, the value of the dollar will be much more worthless.
Yay for starving the poor.
[deleted]
I wonder which societies will dominate the future? Will it be the ones with large worker populations to feed? Will it be the ones with the large powerful armies. The ones who control fuel or natural resources. Maybe it will be the ones with food and water.

Summary:
Riots over food rock Yemen.
Maybe it will be the ones with food and water.
The demand for ethanol is.
The rise in demand for ethanol creates a rise in demand for corn.
Food prices are sky rocketing all over the arab world.
The price of wheat has doubled since  February, while rice and vegetable oil have gone up 20%.
Since wheat and soybeans compete with corn for land, their price has gone up as well.
Dropping currency value is NOT the main cause of rising food prices.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
