Original Response:
China without one-child policy = India.

No thanks.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Are cohesive, flowing articles a thing of the past?  That sentence seemed totally out of place in the middle of an article about a "quake lake" and earthquake damage...
It irritates me how people demonize China's one child policy. It sounds evil at first, but just think about it for a second. With over a billion people in China already, what would happen if people started having as many children as they wanted?

You think India is bad? Just wait and see what would happen if China drops the one child policy.
Can't they just match up the orphaned kids with the parents who lost a child?
Earth quakes are good for the planet?
What are you saying? I'd rather have an India with all its issues any day over a government enforced regime like China.

The penalty for having a second child in China is a steep $100 fine with compulsory sterilization of the mother.

Both countries have demonstrated a mostly linear growth in population (look at charts for [China](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China_population) versus that for [India](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_India)). It's not like India is disproportionately out of control, without extreme measures. With some reform in planning, it can do much better with a democratic route.
If we don't chose from the list, nature will do it for us.
You know what?

Fuck you.
It does exasperate a legitimate demographic problem though.  Because of the preference in sons there are essentially millions of girls that are missing from the population- evidently  birth figures are now about [120 males to 100 females](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/5953508)where "normal" is about 105 to 100.  

Not to say that this son preference doesn't exist in India- because it does- but I think most people agree the one child policy certainly hasn't helped.
Why would you joke about something like this? This isn't funny, it's a terrible situation to be in.  Do you know what happens when someone gives birth to an "unauthorized" child in China?

You make me sick.
Not a big freedom supporter I see.
Compulsory sterilization?! Are you even aware of how wrong you are? Plenty of people have more than one child either paying the fine or having twins or being from certain small minority ethnic groups but this sterilization bit is made up crap. Has it EVER happened? It is possible. In some remote province where something is wrong with the local officals it could conceivably happen but it is most definitly not policy. More like one of those things that you heard from a friend of a friend who heard about it from his sister's ex-boyfriend who claims he once read it online somewhere.
Agreed.  There have been testimonials given before congress of forced abortions given to women in China...forced abortions of babies some 8 months into the pregnancy.
Your comment is cruel and sucks. As if Chinese don't value their children... you are an idiot for saying taking this sarcastic tone over an issue (dead children) that Chinese, especially in the aftermath of the quake, find very painful. Probably more painful than someone of your ilk is capable of comprehending. Grow a soul.
[deleted]
India's linear growth is achieved by massive premature death in the country. I bet you would not rather have an India after knowing this.
Have you ever been to India? Walk through the slums outside Mumbai and Chennai, count the number of half-naked barefoot children walking through sewage, then tell me how the no limit thing's working for them.
So instead of some girls being tossed out (and that's horrible I agree), you would rather see hundreds of millions of children of both genders starve to death and die in other equally horrible ways instead?
You're almost as bad as whiskeytango with your idiotic bullshit and deliberate underestimating and overestimating.
It helps if your society's long term goals include raising an army.
Hey wait a minute, doesn't your name imply that you would be *for* dead baby girls?
Yes it has happened - I know personally a women that it happened to.
We do need some way to limit our population.  I feel slightly dirty quoting such a silly movie, but agent smith had it right.  "Human beings are a disease; a cancer of this planet..."

There are too many of us, and we're churning out babies like rabbits OD-ing on viagra.  It's unmaintainable, and it will literally kill us all.  China's policies probably aren't the answer, but it beats the hell out of sitting on our asses while to drain the planet of every imaginable resource.  A birth tax, free vasectomies, suicide booths, I don't care what  we do, but we need to do something, and fast. Preferably about forty years ago.
With the amount of anti-china sentiment here on reddit, you think a policy to limit the chinese population would be welcoming.  People who complain about the one child policy care nothing about the chinese.  It is just a way for them to show how evil the communist government is.
[deleted]
Good News Everybody!
For Redder's information:
I live in south part of China and my aunt (not friend of friend blabla BS) took the compulsory sterilization after she gave birth to a child. I know it's like 20+ years ago and it happened in GuangZhou city, not the remote province excuse.
The word "policy" is a tricky explanation, Chinese government have all sort of human rights, labor rights, democratic policy officially written but not followed at all. You may be right that compulsory sterilization is not a policy, but it is a practice that was too common that made it no difference from compulsory, at least in my opinion.
You are right that there are many couples in China who can raise as many as they want and pay the fine; as long as you are rich you can always do more in China.
I wonder how many of the people horrified by this policy realize that it only applies to people living in the cities, and not the rural population? It's not like there aren't options for people who *really* want that second kid for some reason.
I was going to post the exact same thing. From the 1960s to the 1980s, western demographers were just sure that we were all going to be plunged into worldwide war and famine by a population explosion originating in China. They did the only responsible thing they could do.
Am I reading this correctly..No forced sterilization in China? Are you even aware how wrong you are? [A Mother's Ordeal](http://www.amazon.com/Mothers-Ordeal-Womans-Against-One-Child/dp/0060976144) This is about Chi An, a health worker that enforces the policy who subsiquently becomes under fire for a birth that is not authorized. And not only sterilization but permanent rings inserted in the woman was also very common.
In India, women are frequently forced to have child after child after child until they can produce a male. I really don't think it's that great.

I agree that the demographic problem is exacerbated by the one-child problem but I think living in a gender-imbalanced society that is wealthy and healthy beats living in total poverty and overpopulated hell.
Nice thing to say is that for the educated new generation, female newborns are treated equally well as male, from the limited samples I personally met.
But for the poor/uneducated area, I have no idea. There are a large supply of prostitute from those area though.
Only if reproductive freedoms are more important than all the other various freedoms that are diminished by overpopulation.
I am *from* India. I suppose that biases my argument, rooting for India. However, the number of children living in abject poverty has nothing to do with the birth control policy. In order to enforce an invasive rule like what China has, you need a militant government. Comparing what India has with what the Chinese government does, is an absolutely uneducated comparison, in my humble opinion.
Yes if it happens in Wall Street.
The government already has policies and limits in place, I whole-heartedly agree that they need to be completely redesigned - but going as far as to justify China's policies is demonstrating a complete disregard for human rights.
[deleted]
The fact you were upmodded so much has really made me lose respect for the reddit community.
Make a few edits to that statement and you would make a great DHS PR person.


"Only if privacy (right to a fair trial) freedoms are more important than all the other various freedoms that are diminished by the threat of terrorism."
I wonder why you feel it is OK to treat different people differently simply because of their location?
It's not "simply because of their location," it's because of gross overpopulation. There are a lot of costs and benefits to be weighed wherever you choose to live. 

Restricting the number of children couples are allowed to have is an extremely rational and humane solution to a serious problem.
[deleted]
Forced abortions in the ninth month of pregnancy don't bode well for your argument that the Chinese value their children.

Nobody is talking about the Chinese people . . . it's a criticism of the Chinese government.
How about a no child policy for Catholics? :)
You're free to eat a bullet whenever you feel like doing humanity a favor.
Hasn't helped what? It's women who have babies, not men. With the combination of the one child policy and the distorted male/female ratio, China's overall fertility will be reduced even further.

At some point in the not too distant future, China's population will begin to shrink. Some time after that they'll be able to have a two child policy.
According to a Chinese friend, the reason for China's population explosion in the first place was Mao's public call for the Chinese to have a lot of babies.  Lots of people == strong homeland.  Then they overshot horribly and instituted this one-child policy.  Now people abort their female children, leaving a gaping deficit in the female population.

I think the moral of the story is, do not fuck with nature.
Gapminder said China's fertility rate was 1.73 in 2006, so unless they have net immigration (which seems unlikely to me), their population has already begun to shrink (or at least will as the population ages, since life expectancy is increasing and people aren't dying yet).
Yes! The collective will allow you to use your genitalia for their intended purpose - *with* proper authorization!
China has 3.1 times the land area of India. India's population is 1.13 billion, China's is 1.32 billion. Imagine a China with 3.5 billion people.
Thanks for your input. India has been keen on knowing what you think and want. While you are at it, would you also like some fries with it. 

I just think you are afraid of your jobs being taken by Indians.
And what's wrong with India? I'd rather live there.
Yeah because China has no slums because the government will just put them in prison. 

And for your information, there are billionaires from India were dirt poor. India is a free country and it gives every opportunity to become successful. If idiots dont use it then it is their problem. 
You see it is idiotic to compare Communism and Democracy.
Will shrink in the [not too distant future](http://trak.in/wp-content/uploads/2007/05/windowslivewriterindiaandchinathedifferenceinpopulationgr-6d9india-overtakes-china-in-population10.png), as I said, around 2030. Japan's fertility has been around 1.3 for a while, but it only began to start shrinking last year.
[deleted]
You feel that forcing women to abort third trimester babies is OK?

That is a rather chilling stand to take - and what is really bothersome is that at least 10 other people gave their explicate approval to such acts.
No. But I believe that practice is officially forbidden, and it's a whole separate issue from the basic policy of population control.
China is going about this all wrong. Best way to get rid off excess population is to start a world war.
You feel that what people had in mind was randomly forcing any women to abort third trimester babies?  I think what they had in mind was women not having more than one child where it was policy to do so, in order to have some population control.
Has more to do with localized overcrowding and massive influx from rural to urban leaving a shortfall in the less desirable agriculture industry, which limiting child birth would further weaken. Thus, "please have enough children to replace yourselves on your farm so all of us in the city don't starve, kthx, gl".
You may wish to tell the Chinese government org that executes such actions that they are "officially forbidden".

But please do so from a distance as telling them in person will be dangerous for your freedom and/or life.
OK. I know personally of a court case here in the USA where an innocent Chinese man was killed by the police after they arrived to forcibly remove his daughter into protective custody (as a result of a tragically escalated series of misunderstandings exacerbated by his lack of english). He, not understanding why these officials with guns were trying to take his daughter, fought them and was killed. Point being, awful things happen and one or two or 10 cases does not permit you to label a whole country.

Or how about this case: http://www.zonaeuropa.com/20040729_1.htm it was huge in China but got no real press in the States. Point here is that now there are people in China saying, "The police in America will beat a woman near to death for no reason at all!!" Obviously this is exaggeration but it isn't too different from claims of forced sterilization in China.
xtian pretard garden starter kit?
The reality in China is that such actions are government sanctions and take place via funding and force provided by such government.

You may, in the future, wish to study exactly what the fuck you are supporting.
You've got to be kidding me. The consensus on reddit is that it is okay - in certain circumstances - for the government to forcibly prevent people from having children, even to the point of forced abortions?

The "problem" of overpopulation is solved by economics: if there are too many mouths to feed, people will naturally stop having babies because it will become too expensive. India's problem isn't too many people, it's too little freedom.
This column was about plans to blow up a debris dam. For reasons that are evident, CNN decided to spice it up with this one single sentence about the "one child" policy. It was totally off subject, of course, but it's the one line to get attention. Way to go CNN.

The real story here is in how swiftly the Chinese government has responded to this disaster. They make our present government look like the rank amateurs they truly are. 

I have no special feelings for China, and none against, but I must say that they have shown themselves to have the better way of doing things than we do lately. They're human rights record is terrible, it's true, but it's hoped that modernization will help there. Our human rights record, on the other hand, has been getting worse. 

Thus, I might suggest that if anyone has a problem with the way the Chinese do things, then they better get out into the streets here in America real soon. We must demand human rights for all in this country so that we can be the beacon of liberty we once were. We can only preach what we practice, after all.
The children have to be at least 4 years apart, though.
seems that way for everything else, money, land, owning a dog, getting married, in the US using your genitalia is restricted also, until you're age appropriately allowed to use it. Even then once you're done using it, the resultant offspring is controlled in any number of ways. Frankly using your genitalia after a certain age is one of the few areas we aren't required to get authorization for - officially at least, there sure is a lot of social stigma shit to go around to control it.
Details on that case?

http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=9766870

"Morning Edition, April 23, 2007 · During the past week, dozens of women in southwest China have been forced to have abortions even as late as nine months into the pregnancy, according to evidence uncovered by NPR.

China's strict family planning laws permit urban married couples to have only one child each, but in some of the recent cases — in Guangxi Province — women say they were forced to abort what would have been their first child because they were unmarried."

"Liang Yage and his wife Wei Linrong had one child and believed that — like many other couples — they could pay a fine and keep their second baby. Wei was 7 months pregnant when 10 family planning officials visited her at home on April 16.

Liang describes how they told her that she would have to have an abortion, "You don't have any more room for maneuver," he says they told her. "If you don't go [to the hospital], we'll carry you." The couple was then driven to Youjiang district maternity hospital in Baise city.

"I was scared," Wei told NPR. "The hospital was full of women who'd been brought in forcibly. There wasn't a single spare bed. The family planning people said forced abortions and forced sterilizations were both being carried out. We saw women being pulled in one by one."

The couple was given a consent agreement to sign. When Liang refused, family planning officials signed it for him. He and his wife are devout Christians — he is a pastor — and they don't agree with abortion.

The officials gave Wei three injections in the lower abdomen. Contractions started the next afternoon, and continued for almost 16 hours. Her child was stillborn."
http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=9766870

"Morning Edition, April 23, 2007 · During the past week, dozens of women in southwest China have been forced to have abortions even as late as nine months into the pregnancy, according to evidence uncovered by NPR.

China's strict family planning laws permit urban married couples to have only one child each, but in some of the recent cases — in Guangxi Province — women say they were forced to abort what would have been their first child because they were unmarried."

"Liang Yage and his wife Wei Linrong had one child and believed that — like many other couples — they could pay a fine and keep their second baby. Wei was 7 months pregnant when 10 family planning officials visited her at home on April 16.

Liang describes how they told her that she would have to have an abortion, "You don't have any more room for maneuver," he says they told her. "If you don't go [to the hospital], we'll carry you." The couple was then driven to Youjiang district maternity hospital in Baise city.

"I was scared," Wei told NPR. "The hospital was full of women who'd been brought in forcibly. There wasn't a single spare bed. The family planning people said forced abortions and forced sterilizations were both being carried out. We saw women being pulled in one by one."

The couple was given a consent agreement to sign. When Liang refused, family planning officials signed it for him. He and his wife are devout Christians — he is a pastor — and they don't agree with abortion.

The officials gave Wei three injections in the lower abdomen. Contractions started the next afternoon, and continued for almost 16 hours. Her child was stillborn."
I take issue with your conversational tactic of putting words into people's mouths, and laying guilt on people talking about population control as though they were talking about something else.  Also, knowing the difference between "explicate" and "explicit" will help the follow-up use of the word "fuck" to have some sting, instead of just sounding more and more ignorant and judgemental with every post.
While, I'm not a proponent of dictatorship, China has no real history with democracy. Dictatorships are always more efficient than democracy. That's why us "free traders" believe in dictatorship in business, because the "market" is efficient(sarcasm). Why isn't the "market" used inside a business then? Shouldn't various ideas compete continuously in a business? Shouldn't CEO's be constantly cycled within the company? I've always found rabid capitalism and democracy antithetical.

For those who think forced abortion is horrid, I'm curious what their opinion of mass starvation is? That was the choice. So if you are pro mass starvation like in German Concentration camps rather than forced abortion to control overpopulation, put in on your banner and wave it.
I feel the same way. This is beyond insane. *The ends do NOT justify the means!*
Area doesn't matter - habitable land in China is far lesser, which it is also losing to expanding deserts and non-arable land.
&gt;Hasn't helped what?

Population isn't the only thing that the Chinese are concerned about.  

[Officials in Beijing](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2002/may/13/gender.china) fear that the resulting imbalance will "damage social and economic stability" in the future, and encourage the trade in kidnapped women.

[This](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A24761-2004Jul2.html) is an article specifically about the social problems related to having lots of poor, uneducated, unmarried men.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You live in China? OK, then I am sure you are aware of the rather huge difference between 1988 in China and 2008. I'm not saying China doesn't have serious problems but let's be fair. If you really do live in China you must have a sense of the bias that exists in the West. Comments like the one that set me off on this thread "Yay! We get a replacement child" should strike you as ridiculous. I mean, I would assume they would. The fact that in Western sites like this people will casually claim the most unreasonable things about China and get upvoted by people who don't really have a clue just burns me.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I apologize for bringing up the way that China enforces its population control policies in thread about Chinese population control policies.
Denying reproductive rights is the answer?

What happened to inaliienability?
That only takes care of 1 of the problem. Making a lot of other people eat bullets takes care of more of the problem. (For those people who have difficult recognizing it, this is intended to be very morbid sarcasm.)
There are certainly reports of forced abortions and human rights abuses, but the policy itself is just the inverse of a baby bonus. In many countries with low population growth, governments try to increase the birth rate by giving monetary incentive to new parents. The one child policy is a monetary disincentive in a country with a high population density. People can, in most situations, still choose to have more kids - several people I knew in China grew up with parents working overtime to support them and their siblings under the penalty. It's a sin tax, not a criminal statute.
If that's all you were doing, it would have been fine.  Answer me this: do you *truly* believe that what everybody was discussing was the boner they'd get from women having third-trimester abortions?  I don't think you truly believe that's what people were saying, but you went off the deep end trying to make your point, which wasn't really related to what they were saying.  Also, it would have to be exactly what they were saying and talking about in order for them to be giving *explicit* approval.
&gt;I think living in a gender-imbalanced society that is wealthy and healthy beats living in total poverty and overpopulated hell.

I think that's true.  And India isn't actually doing that much better in terms of [gender imbalances](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/3933485.stm)

But, wealthy and healthy doesn't necessarily come with the one child policy.  While it's hard to separate what's a result of gender preference and what's a result of the one child policy, [increased female infant mortality and neglect or mistreatment are still problems](http://www.demog.berkeley.edu/~ebenstei/litreview/Banister_girls_04.pdf) throughout China.
MSDN, if that really happened as NPR claims (and I do tend to believe NPR though I do not usually trust Western media reports about China as they are so often flatly wrong) it must have been a very localized and tragic incident. That sort of thing simply does not happen throughout China. It just doesn't. Imagine if you were trying to argue with a Chinese about the case I mention above of the beaten woman. You insist that something like that could happen but it is not likely and they pull out that story I linked to. You could still insist that that was an anomaly, not policy or even common but they, like I suspect you, would not listen.
Sorry, so so sorry.
...and another joins the legions of the uninformed.

As countries become more modern, birthrate drops sharply, usually falling into "sustainable" patterns. There is a sharp upswing that then settles down as a country adjusts while birthrates are as high as they are in a high-mortality society but mortality has declined. The only reason the U.S.'s population doesn't reflect this as strongly is high immigration. We are not, in fact, a cancer.

Moreover, we do have other options... Ours has always been a species to reach for the next step. That next hill, that next mountain, next ocean. But now, when we ought to be reaching for the stars and the near-unlimited bounty of the cosmos, we hear people with no sense of the spirit of our people saying "let us turn inward, let us look only backward, let us not strive to become more than what we are until what we already are has been perfected." It's childish, foolish, and the thing most likely to destroy us.
Reality and your version of it appear to have diverged.


http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/china-admits-women-were-forced-to-have-abortions-507688.html

http://www.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,1615936,00.html

http://commdocs.house.gov/committees/intlrel/hfa49740.000/hfa49740_0f.htm

http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/20501549/

http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4262890.stm

http://www.theage.com.au/news/world/court-battle-over-forced-fullterm-abortion-in-china/2008/01/08/1199554651470.html
What kind of *fucking logic* is this?
Americans will always say negative things about "communist" countries, regardless of veracity or what the US does.
Where is the anti-China sentiment?  The predominant Western view is that individual freedoms and human rights are very important.  That is why we are so upset about the way that the Chinese government behaves.  We complain about it out of outrage, because we know how it must hurt the people of China.  Isn't that a pro-China sentiment?
Nobody is talking about the Chinese people? Then who are you referring to when you say "...don't bode well for your argument that the Chinese value their children."? Because it sure sounds like you are talking about the Chinese people with that comment. It also sounds pretty clearly like you are casting doubt on whether or not they care about their children.
Isn't the joke about the horrible policy that the Chinese government has?  How they are being "generous" by allowing a "replacement child"?  A "replacement child" is such an absurd concept that I can't see this joke as anything other than sarcastic mocking of the Chinese government's policy.
People don't _have_ to give up to starvation. They can always go to war. Kills two birds with one stone: decreases population and gets more resources.
Wooooow there. I didn't mean to put down India, sorry about that.

I was referring to the population density of India. If China has 3 billion people... Let's put it this way... China will be in deep shit. Actually, the world would be in deep shit.

The one-child policy is actually doing the whole world a big favour.
LOL... you didn't bother to read those stories closely did you? Posting multiple links to the same story doesn't make it more substantial. More importantly several of those stories talk about how the Chinese government was punishing those involved in these procedures! Reality just reached back and smacked you upside the head MSDN. Right back at ya'.
hey, they could always adopt some chinese kids.  i hear theres lots of chinese kids needin adoption.
[deleted]
I don't know why you were voted down for that.

http://goliath.ecnext.com/coms2/gi_0199-519254/Family-planning-and-women-s.html
Tiannamen Square
[deleted]
China's provincial governments do a lot of stuff that's not authorized by the central government, and sometimes they get punished for it later. Like these school buildings that fell because of the earthquake. People are going to be executed for not adhering to the building code.
It's not so much the idea of limiting population growth that is the problem.  The problem lay in the enforcement and the criminal elements created by having the idea as law.
"The "problem" of overpopulation is solved by economics: if there are too many mouths to feed, people will naturally stop having babies because it will become too expensive."



Economics will solve it, but you are implying it will be a simple, and peaceful solution.  People wont just stop because it's too expensive, they will keep having babies due to lack of information and contraception. If there are too many mouths to feed, people will slowly starve to death.  People starving to death become desperate for food; crime increases and even riots follow, enough people die that food supply increases.  The "free market" may solve the problem in the end, but it will be much more violent than curbing the problem before it gets to the economic solution.
Downmodded. The internet is no place for intolerance!
I specifically say in my comment that I am talking about the government.

When I say "the Chinese" I mean "the Chinese government."  It's a lot like how when people say "the Russians are getting upset with the Chinese over their military maneuvers near the border" they're not talking about the Russian people or the Chinese people.
Actually people are lining up in China to adopt children orphaned by the quake. My wife and I cannot afford another child (though we thought seriously about adopting one) so we are sponsoring a child... paying an annual amount over several years to help a child... through one of the local orphanages in Sichuan Province. A number of other people (Chinese) are also doing this.
http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hJPd_TRPRJS414hvyC0x0HlBharwD90QROIG0
[deleted]
Well, the view in china is issues like freedoms and human rights are excuses the west use to interferes with her internal affairs.  You say the  people of China is hurting under their government.  Well compare communist China to democratic India, the two most populous countries, guess which one have better literacy rate, lower infant mortality rate, higher per capita income, and longer life expectancy?  If you are so outrage by the suffering of the Chinese, where is your outrage for the Indians?  This world is full of suffering and injustice, why should what's happening in China concern you so much?
i was told once by a Chinese person that some people are having more than one child and passing the child to family members to raise who are childless. i have no idea how this could be independently verified...
I think reproductive freedom is one of the most important rights we have.  Yes, there is an overpopulation problem, but is a one child policy really the best/humane/benevolent/far-sighted way of dealing with the issue?  How about education and economic development, instead of draconian legislation that hurts women and little girls and does nothing to control long term population growth.
Absolute nonsense. Food prices wouldn't just suddenly surge one day, causing people to starve. They will gradually increase as demand outstrips supply, just like with any other commodity (oil, anyone?). And with that gradual increase, there will be a gradual decrease in birth, due to the growing expense of child rearing.

Putting a gun to everyone's head and forcing them to stop reproducing is never the answer, nor does it ever need to be. Let me say it again: *The ends do not justify the means.*
I voted him down because of his bad conclusion personally (fucking with nature is humanity's only hope in my opinion).
What reproductive rights? Bearing children is not a right by any means, it's a huge responsibility. If a person or a society at large can't support more children, they have no right whatsoever to bring them into the world.
You don't think anyone will be the wiser?  Match up a depressed kid with two grief-stricken parents and get one happy family?
Here I was thinking people could do with their own bodies what they wished.
Can I have your autograph?
Oil has more than doubled since last may.  Food prices have surged 300% in the last year as well.    That amount alone is enough to cause poverty stricken families to starve in many countries.

1-2 years is not nearly enough for people to change their ways and stop having children, it is enough time for their young children to start growing up and consuming even more (more than they could afford to feed them).  If we were approaching the max population/food ratio, you can bet prices would inflate at a MUCH higher rate than that over a year.



When people are demanding more food, prices will increase *as much as the market demands*.  The rich get their food, the poor don't, because that $20 loaf of bread was just outbid by someone richer than you.
So I can use my hands to kill a man?
If he consents.
Which really, just shows the ignorance of my fellowmen, because to call Chinese communist in this day in age is ridiculous.  Authoritarian, yes.  Communist?  Certainly not in any historical context.
China is not a communist country. It is a weird specimen of authoritarian capitalism.
I know personally a woman in the USA who was raped and was denied abortion by her parents.
le_cheese.. $5 please
&gt; Tell that to the boys who won't be able to get married. What will happen to them?

Well first of all the discrepancy is probably much smaller because of all the unreported births.

But most likely they will "get women" from other countries that have an excess--such as  Vietnam, Russia, or Mongolia.

(And I don't mean the say "get women" like a commodity, but the most likely scenario is that these guys will go to other countries to find a wife.)
Yeah, I personally know one family like that as well.
There are dead baby girls being tossed in the dumpsters in America. So does that mean our policies are just as bad?

Summary:
You say the  people of China is hurting under their government.
I feel the same way.
When I say "the Chinese" I mean "the Chinese government."
China is not a communist country.
I think what they had in mind was women not having more than one child where it was policy to do so, in order to have some population control.
China is going about this all wrong.
Yeah, I personally know one family like that as well.
I mean, I would assume they would.
People who complain about the one child policy care nothing about the chinese.
I think reproductive freedom is one of the most important rights we have.
You think India is bad?
It irritates me how people demonize China's one child policy.
I really don't think it's that great.
I bet you would not rather have an India after knowing this.
I don't know why you were voted down for that.
If that's all you were doing, it would have been fine.
China without one-child policy = India.
Nobody is talking about the Chinese people .
Nobody is talking about the Chinese people?
A number of other people (Chinese) are also doing this.
India's problem isn't too many people, it's too little freedom.
What will happen to them?
Population isn't the only thing that the Chinese are concerned about.
If idiots dont use it then it is their problem.
People don't _have_ to give up to starvation.
Isn't the joke about the horrible policy that the Chinese government has?
Yes it has happened - I know personally a women that it happened to.
It's not so much the idea of limiting population growth that is the problem.
We do need some way to limit our population.
It's women who have babies, not men.
I was referring to the population density of India.
Not to say that this son preference doesn't exist in India- because it does- but I think most people agree the one child policy certainly hasn't helped.
"If you don't go [to the hospital], we'll carry you."
Just wait and see what would happen if China drops the one child policy.
I apologize for bringing up the way that China enforces its population control policies in thread about Chinese population control policies.
And what's wrong with India?
The one child policy is a monetary disincentive in a country with a high population density.
Because it sure sounds like you are talking about the Chinese people with that comment.
The "problem" of overpopulation is solved by economics: if there are too many mouths to feed, people will naturally stop having babies because it will become too expensive.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.33
