Original Response:
[deleted]
The fact that this guy still spent 16 years in prison is an outrage. The jury thought they were doing him a favor when they convicted for manslaughter instead of murder. That's why you have to vote to acquit in cases like these with massive mitigating circumstances -- even "reduced" penalties are a ridiculous.
This article is really unclear about his age at the time of the incident. Was it 36 or 20?
[deleted]
&gt; The girlfriend has since married and is now a mother, according to an individual familiar with the case.

So... was it worth it?
While convicted of manslaughter, he committed 1st degree murder.
[deleted]
I'd still vote to acquit. Who am I to pass  judgment on this guy when I might act the same under similar circumstances? That's the rubric I try to use in real life. 

Sure you can poke all kinds of logical holes in this argument. No, I don't want everyone to take the law in their own hands. But I'd vote to acquit this man nonetheless.
But for a pretty damn good reason.  The idea that you shouldn't murder anyone for any reason is just ridiculous.
So for what reasons would find murder acceptable?
He's still guilty of murder, I think manslaughter was too mild on him. 

What about people rotting in jail for smoking a reefer?
Wow.  Maybe self-defense, but you're walking a very thin line there.  Yes, rape is horrible, but it doesn't justify murder.  I am a woman, and if I were raped, I certainly wouldn't want my parter to become a murderer for revenge.  That would be a worse tragedy to me than the rape.
You do not know that. Intent is the key difference. Do you have first-hand knowledge of his intent? The crime charged seems to be appropriate.
For me personally?  I could kill anyone who did serious intentional harm to my family without any remorse whatsoever.
Not exactly a heat of the moment thing but a premeditated action.  At least it is second degree murder if you believe he just wanted to scare the rapist.

 "At his trial, he testified that he had gone to Schoenfeld's Greenwich Village studio loft Jan. 5, 1991, with a gun in a bid to scare him off from trying to contact his girlfriend again, when the pair got into a fatal scuffle."
I respect your beliefs, but to me a rapist is barely worth the bullet you use to shoot him/her.  I think this modern day obsession with the right to life is ridiculous when it is extended to those who intentionally violate and kill others.
Preemtively admitting defeat won't spare you the follow-up:

That you might act likewise is exactly the reason for laws existing and uninvolved persons judging the case.

And I'd be pretty impressed could you even approach reconciliation of your last two sentences.
So hypothetically, if someone murdered a rapist family member and did not have any remorse you would in turn murder them.
First degree means intent to kill.  From what he said, he did not intend to kill.  Do you know enough of the details of the case to have reason to state that he did, as a fact?
You shouldn't murder anyone for any reason.
He was 20. He served 16 years.  Now he's 36.
And for the consciences of good people like you, if I was advising this client I'd have him testify that the sex maniac lunged at him and he fired in self defense. Are you telling me you wouldn't give him the benefit of the doubt?
[Relevant](http://www.amazon.com/True-Romance-Directors-Two-Disc-Special/dp/B00006FDCF/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1?ie=UTF8&amp;s=dvd&amp;qid=1206996075&amp;sr=8-1)
It would be very easy to make a first degree murder case here.  Why did he load the gun if he did not intend to use it?  Self defense does not make any sense since he instigated the fatal encounter.
Obviously none of us know the details of the case, so it's laughable to read all the 'expert' opinions here.  But having made that qualification, I'd agree with you.  The charge was probably appropriate.  Regardless of intent, when you're pissed off and you go over to someone's house with a gun, bad stuff happens.  And you are responsible.
&gt;Police hadn't been able to arrest Schoenfeld for the attack on the girlfriend because she was too traumatized to press charges. 

Sadly, this could've been prevented. It wasn't premeditated - he shouldn't have been punished for anything.  Temporary insanity if I've ever heard of it.
Trials serve no purpose but to assure people that no mistakes are made. If you're %100 certain, and are willing to accept the consequences, murder is justified.
He was guilty of first degree idiocy.  Taking a gun to "scare" someone from contacting your girlfriend after he supposedly raped her is just plain machismo stupidity.  All this because your girlfriend was too "traumatized" to follow standard societal procedures for dealing with criminals: reporting the guy to police and giving evidence of his crime.  I like how the girlfriend dumped him and married some other guy while macho man was behind bars.
He should have just beat the shit out of him. Guns never solve problems they only complicate them.
&gt;Guns never solve problems they only complicate them.

According to FBI crime statistics, guns are used more than 2,500,000 times every year to prevent crimes, the vast majority of those times without a shot being fired or anyone injured.

http://www.gunowners.org/sk0802.htm

We only keep statistics when someone gets shot, and he/she is always a "gun victim," even if he/she was shot in the act of committing a violent crime.

You obviously believe that those 2,500,000 people who successfully defend themselves with a gun every year are irrelevant, or perhaps criminals themselves.
The guy behind bars didn't intentionally kill a man?
Exactly, the bitch should be in prison instead!
Tell that to Bush's army.
[deleted]
[deleted]
There was no justification for killing the man.   Individual citizens are not allowed to be judge, jury, and "executioner" -- that is the hallmark of mob rule.  See Africa, Haiti, etc for examples.

Second of all, the "rapist" did not even really get a full measure of justice because his crimes were not brought forth before the public, nor did he have the opportunity to present a defense.

People may not like the justice system all of the time, but it is better than the alternative.  I've spent enough time in "third-world" countries to see the alternative first hand.

I see a lot of "bloodthirsty vengeance" type comments on this article reflective of society at large.  Believe you me, the people making those comments would not like living in a society where you live "by the gun."
Wow, that's a lot.  Considering there are about 2 million people in prison in the US. We would assume that 2.5 million different criminals attempted to commit a crime against the gun owner, but were never caught or were killed.  

If there were 2.5 million instances of this happening, then there should be hundreds of thousands of more crimes and arrests per year from people who they defended themselves from.
I'm OK with vigilante-style vengeance as an acceptable reason.
&gt;If there were 2.5 million instances of this happening, then there should be hundreds of thousands of more crimes and arrests per year from people who they defended themselves from.

These are FBI crime statistics, not mine.

http://gunfacts.info/pdfs/gun-facts/4.2/GunFacts4-2-Screen.pdf

Refute them, if you can. (You can't.)

&gt;**Fact: Firearms are used 60 times more often to protect lives than to take lives.**

&gt;**Fact: Every year, people in the United States use a gun to defend themselves against criminals an estimated 2,500,000 times – more than 6,500 people a day, or once every 13 seconds. Of these instances, 15.6% of the people using a firearm defensively stated that they "almost certainly" saved their lives by doing so.**

&gt;**Fact: In 83.5% (2,087,500) of these successful gun defenses, the attacker either threatened or used force first, proving that guns are very well suited for self-defense.**

&gt;**Fact: Of the 2,500,000 times citizens use guns to defend themselves, 92% merely brandish their gun or fire a warning shot to scare off their attackers.**

&gt;**Fact: Less than 8% of the time does a citizen wound his or her attacker, and in less than one in a thousand instances is the attacker killed.**

&gt;**Fact: For every accidental death, suicide or homicide with a firearm, 10 lives are saved through defensive use.**

&gt;**Fact: When using guns in self-defense:**

&gt;**• 83% of robbery victims were not injured**

&gt;**• 88% of assault victims were not hurt**

&gt;**• 76% of all self-defense use of guns never involve firing a single shot**

&gt;**Fact: After the implementation of Canada's 1977 gun controls prohibiting handgun possession for protection, the “breaking and entering” crime rate rose 25%, surpassing the American rate.**

Also, only 0.5% of reported crimes result in someone being apprehended and convicted. 

This means that the average criminal committed two hundred crimes before he finally paid for one by going to jail.

And that's only taking the reported crimes into consideration. Lots of people don't even bother reporting crimes because they know the cops are useless.

The vast majority of crimes go unpunished. 

If you'd ever been the victim of a mugging or burglary or rape, you'd be well aware of this.
The anti-death penalty movement is more about preventing the government from having the ability to commit murder. It might be justified sometimes, but do you trust the courts, the politicians, the bureaucrats, or even a jury of your peers to get it right 100% of the time?
I can't say that I totally agree with the killing of the rapist, but I also disagree with the extremely lengthy prison sentence the man got for it. If you've ever had a friend or relative raped, believe me, the least you'd want to do to the bloke is kill him.

But should a person who is otherwise an exemplary citizen be imprisoned for as long, or longer than a killer who did it completely cold bloodedly? I don't think so. Yes, this is illegal, yes he should be imprisoned, but not for nearly as long.
You remind me of that Prison Rape story. I mean, yeah, sure it's a bad thing to happen, but what can we do, eh? \*wink wink\*
I see your point.  It's those who harm others unprovoked that I have a problem with.  I simply don't believe that murder is always wrong, but that its suitability as a response to a situation should be judged on a case by case basis.
thanks ghandi
No.  I have absolutely no faith in the justice system, because laws are so arbitrary.  Rather than looking at acts on a case by case basis the justice system lumps everyone committing one kind of act into the same group, regardless of motivation.  For example, I personally see a huge difference between a father killing the man who raped his daughter and a thug killing someone to take that person's wallet.  As it is the "justice" system would like as not punish the father more harshly because the thug might be able to argue that his actions were not premeditated and get off with manslaughter.  Of course, there is always going to be human error, but I would rather be judged by people who are allowed to consider the basis for my actions as well as the actions themselves.

I don't think the government should ever be allowed to sentence someone to death, because I believe the government should serve, not rule.  I do believe that individuals should be allowed to kill others, if they are confident that their actions are justified and they are willing to defend them to society, and suffer the consequences if their defence is found wanting.
I disagree strongly.
It's great that you think so, but the jury decided that he was not.
No.  I have enough personal judgement to see that the person who murdered them was provoked.  Although you make a good point, I will revise my original statement to say:

I could kill anyone who unprovoked did serious and disproportional intentional harm to my family without any remorse whatsoever.
[deleted]
What about the shrubberies?
Only a twisted individual would take pleasure in such "delicious irony."
I am not in the habit of trying cases based on the information in a brief newspaper article.  There's nothing in that article that makes it clear that this was 1st degree, and there are things in the article that cast doubt on that.  You asserted it as if it is a simple fact, so you imply that you know a lot more than what's in the article.  Your reply suggests that in fact you don't know any more, so you're just leaping to a host of assumptions.
The law is meant to protect people from dangerous criminals.  This guy was not a dangerous criminal, so I think you would have been right to acquit.  And that is what a jury is supposed to do, anyway...decide if the person not only violated the law, but deserves punishment.  That's why you're entitled to a jury of your "peers", or people who are familiar with you.
You might notice that the rapist had no opportunity to be imprisoned, as this man killed him. Sixteen years is a reasonable sentence for the crime, despite the man's intense anger. Thousands of other rape victims and their families manage to get by without killing the perpetrator, he could have too, and vigilante justice like this should be made known to be unquestioningly unacceptable.
"uninvolved persons judging the case"

Except you're supposed to be entitled to a jury of your peers...which somehow today means a group of people who don't know you at all.

EDIT:  Hey, I was wrong.  There is not a right to a trial by "peers" in the constitution.  So, NM.
And then the family of the murdered person, who feel that their loved one was wrongly accused or the crime didn't warrant death, feel that THEY are justified in coming back and killing you.

An eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind.
Given that we have juries, each of which contains a basically random sample of 12 of your peers, what you're advocating for is inconsistent, ad hoc justice.  The irony of you complaining about "arbitrary" laws and then suggesting we give complete discretion to juries (and law enforcement officers, who, without laws to guide them, will arrest purely on their own personal preferences) is staggering.  

Rape is terrible.  People who are convicted of violating the (democratically!) defined statutory prohibition on rape should be punished.  Severely.  

But homicide is also terrible.  And while you think that some people deserve to die without a chance to explain themselves in court, I sure don't.  You may be sure that you are killing a rapist (a crime for which, by the way, most states do not impose the death penalty), but society requires more than just your opinion before it takes the drastic step of imposing criminal penalties on someone.

And you know who that protects? You.  Especially you, since you're the type of psycho who thinks you should be able to kill when you feel like it.  You'll get the benefit of this system if you're caught doing some of the crap you're suggesting here.  And I'm ok with that, because I would get its benefit too.
Did you hesitate to think even one second before you wrote that? Are you telling me that "peer" ever meant your best friend would judge you, or the neighbour hating your guts?
Then you are a danger to society.  We take decisions about whom to penalize out of the hands of people like you, because you are more likely to make a mistake than a court with all of its procedural safeguards against injustice.

And frankly, I think you're just an internet tough guy.  People who care about their families do not kill other people without any remorse.  Human death is ultimate, irrevocable--and deeply troubling to those who actually encounter it, even when they feel justified.
&gt; what you're advocating for is inconsistent, ad hoc justice

Which is, in a way, quite similar to random vigilante justice. At least concede that he's consistent.
You're truly barking.
&gt; Who am I to pass judgment on this guy

...A juror?
In New York, the requisite mens rea for murder (though not first degree) can be recklessness, if the homicide occurs in circumstances demonstrating an "extreme indifference to the value of human life."

Going to someone's house with a gun when you think they've raped your girlfriend is obviously reckless, and it's arguably extremely indifferent as to the value of human life.
The people who can really say whether this killing was a good thing or not are the ones we will never know:  The women who *weren't raped* as a result of this serial rapist being disposed of.
So what's the problem? He took away some else's life, served time and now is going to be released early.
No, it's not an outrage if you're a thinking human being.  You cannot advocate vigilante justice, regardless of the crime.  It may sound great now, but the cost to innocent people is too great.  

Irrelevant anecdote aside:  A good friend of mine had a friend that was falsely accused of rape.  The girls brother killed the friend and then himself.  Then the girl admitted she made it up.  If you advocate punishing this guy less than for murder, which is the crime he committed, because the murdered person was a rapist or whatever, then you're going to get innocent people killed.

Being a rational, civilized person really doesn't have the drawback of filling the streets with psycho rapists or whatever you think might happen if people aren't allowed to kill rapists with impunity.  I promise.
If it was done quietly and didn't upset the public order, such justice is compatible with a civilized society.
Murderers aren't dangerous criminals?  This guy has shown that he is willing and able to kill when he feels slighted.  Would you acquit if he had killed someone for cutting him off in traffic?  How about stealing from him?  He wasn't paying back murder with murder even, remember, he was paying back rape with murder.
So murder is alright so long as the victim deserved it?
I guess you must love the death penalty.
[deleted]
Murder is compassion here - and rapists deserve none.

I would just shoot his dick and his balls off. Letting him live like that is worse than death.
Plus, vigilante justice almost always tends to spill over against the innocent, on a combination of mere suspicion and hatred.
"Let's lynch that black guy, he looks like a rapist" was the mentality of most of the lynch mobs of the Jim Crow era. Why allow for such logic to thrive?
I think its hilarious that the girl remarried.. that's commitment.
a) Like I said, it's foolish to try the case based on what you read from a newspaper article.

b) As you can see, I was very clearly addressing "first degree" in all of my comments, because that is what that foolish commenter is absolutely sure happened.
No it's not
Your non-sequitor brings dishonour to your assumed name of "[Paul Erdos](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Erd%C5%91s)".
In ancient Rome, certain crimes could have you designated a 'homo sacre' or sacred man.
They held a unique position in the law.
It was legal for anyone to kill them, however they were 'sacred' so they couldn't be used in sacrifices.
There is a whole book by Giorgia Agamben that explains why that sucked.
Lets not replicate the same logic.
The problem is, why didn't he get paroled earlier?  He was setenced to 10-30, so clearly he was eligible for parole a long time ago.  Now, if you just go based on this article, there were big mitigating circumstances for what he did, *and* he was an exemplary prisoner.  The article gives no indication of any good reason to have denied him parole and kept him in prison for so many more years.  That doesn't mean there weren't any reasons, the article could be leaving something relevant out.  But based on just reading this, it does leave that open question: why was it just to keep him in prison all those extra years?
Yes he deserved to die - and I hope he burns in hell!  - Samuel Jackson
Non-sequitor.
An inference or conclusion that does not follow from the premises or evidence.
My conclusion follows beautifully from the statements jimmyvanl made.

A clarification of the logic:
If one takes the position that murder is alright so long as the victim deserved it, then the same logic would suggest that the death penalty is excellent. Why? The death penalty is the murder of individuals who 'deserved it' by the state.
That's what broke up Fred and Gunn, in a way.
Thank you for being one of the few rational people replying to this.
[deleted]
Who gets to decide whether or not the act was unprovoked? You, after all, might be a bit biased as to the matter if the victim were, for instance, your own brother.

Perhaps you could use a hypothetically non biased collection of your peers to decide?
He gets 10-30 years in jail for manslaughter (not premeditated murder) and is released after 16 years. This is truly a miscarriage of justice but there is no surprise there. I guess that is to be expected from the justice systems in the US where the rich and privileged get away with just about everything.
At what point does murder fail to upset the public order?
In New York State, the most he could be guilty of is 2nd degree murder. 1st degree murder in NYS is vary narrowly defined to: cop killing, multiple killings, torture killings, or felony murder.
Where is your liberal compassion for the rapist. After all it's all society's fault right, there is no personal responsibility, the man and financially prosperous people are holding all the innocent poor folks down remember.
Hey guys, I say we re-enact the closing credits of The Boondock Saints.


Go:
Talk about distorting the facts to fit your POV.

"his guy has shown that he is willing and able to kill *when he feels slighted*."

*slighted:  v. To treat with discourteous reserve or inattention.*

His girlfriend was raped...that doesn't qualify as "feeling slighted" in my book.  Not even close.

"Would you acquit if he had killed someone for cutting him off in traffic?"

No.

"How about stealing from him?"

No.

"...he was paying back rape with murder."

Seems consistent to me.

You can't equate someone who gets pissed over something like getting cut off to someone who gets rightfully enraged that his significant other was violated in a most heinous way.  The only people this guy posed a danger to was to anyone who raped his signficant other(s).
So now the guy is guilty of crimes he was *going to* commit?  That makes lots of sense.
only if there is no penalty for murdering people like you
I hope your loved ones get raped.  Really I do.
I'm glad he is out. He should have been released sooner. I cannot help but believe that if he were white, he would have been let out on his first try.
You are absolutely correct.  That being said I would have killed the prick also, and served the time.
A thinking human being will look at each case individually.  THE SHIT IS ALREADY ILLEGAL.  This guy knew this and killed the rapist anyhow.  His sentence was way too fucking harsh given the circumstances and people have gotten off with temporary insanity for less.

The guy was a serial rapist.  He deserved to die.  In THIS CASE nobody was 'innocent'.
Are you really suggesting we should throw out the law and let our emotions rule instead? If I am angered by the comment you just made and find it worthy of death, is it OK for me to hunt you down and kill you?
16 years for taking a life? Seems like a bargain to me.
Baliff!!! Remove this free-thinker from the court!!! Strike the record!!!
It be fucking sad if that was true.

:(
So...

Crimes of passion don't get any leeway in New York I guess.

Ouch. I guess I'll leave my humanity at home if I ever go to NY.
But you can advocate that juries not be intimidated by a judicial procedure riddled with systemic bais as to burden and economic incentive as to defense that a procedure crafted with principles without peer has been reduced to a mockery-- what percentage of the time? Jury rights are a complicated issue and to imply the poster's reaction as 'unthinking' and defines the poster's being is a syllogism
You have a deeply nuanced and understanding view of your political opponents' beliefs and motivations, I see.
Not really a great retort, but upmodded for the sake of protest.

I hope nobody's loved ones get raped, ever. Even the psycho that feels otherwise.
The point is he shouldn't be in jail for doing what any good man would have done.  Period.
When it's done in the Middle East. Zing!
I've had loved ones raped and if I found the motherfucker that did it they would be dead.
Baliff!!! Remove this free-thinker from the court. Strike the record!!!The remaining 10 jurors will disregard what they've heard and be dismissed and sequestered at the Motel 6 until appropriately conditioned alternates are chosen from the voir doir pool.
There's a fair difference between wishing somebody's loved ones get raped and actually going out and raping them.

One of these could justify killing, the other doesn't merit much past dirty looks and shouted insults.

See if you can figure out which is which.
I used to think that vigilante justice was wrong, unconditionally. However, as I read more and more stories of the justice system letting people down, (thanks, Reddit!) I have softened my stance somewhat.

I wouldn't take the law into my own hands, but can't fully dismiss people who do; they must, however, be willing to accept the consequences. This man, it seems, was.
[deleted]
Baliff???Oh, there you are.Strike the record. Remove this juror from courtroom. NO!!! Strike the record!!!Remove this deviant from the courtroom!!!Now...strike the record. The remaining 9 jurors will disregard the prior striking of record to the striking of the record as well as the non-sensical ramblings of the free thinking individual and be dismissed to the Motel 6 and sequestered without cable until an alternate can be selected from the voir dire pool.
was the jury informed of the rapist's record? the poster speaks to matter of event but includes motivational analysis of the accused? has the poster ever been raped? is the poster a law student juiced up with prosecutorial thesis? has the poster had suggested their efforts here might secure them a job? or does the poster already have a job as a prosecutor?
&gt;imprisoned for as long, or longer *than a killer* who did it completely cold bloodedly?

I think what Silver_ is saying is that 16 years is a relatively long sentence for manslaughter.
Actually it does, it's called inductive logic and it's half of science. If you can see that someone behaves a certain way with reliability, you can pretty well assume that they'll do it again.
That's what you get for going to jail and deserting your gf when she needs you the most. I mean it's cool and stuff to be all macho and kill the fucker, but come on.
&gt;I see a lot of "bloodthirsty vengeance" type comments on this article reflective of society at large. Believe you me, the people making those comments would not like living in a society where you live "by the gun."

And I suppose you would say the same if your wife or gf were raped and you sat by helplessly as the legal system trudged along and you HOPED that they didn't screw it up on some technicality.

I wish that I had been on the jury that heard this man's case, because he would not have served a day in jail for killing his girlfriend's rapist had I been on that jury.
My calling it a non-sequitor came from the following logic:

1) The [parent post](http://reddit.com/info/6e2ax/comments/c03lavk) did not mention anywhere that the victim "deserved it".  That was a subjective element added by you.

2) The jury acquitted him of murder, which I believe means in this case that they thought that he had *no intent* to murder him, but only *scare* him as the article said.  They believed him to be under a "extreme emotional distress" at the time, which clouded his ability to think clearly.  Thus, the lesser charge of manslaughter.  While we might discuss it conversationally as "murder", it appears that the local laws do not - it is "manslaughter".  (causing the death of another without intent to do so)

You said "*So murder is alright so long as the victim deserved it?*", which does not follow from anything in the parent post.  Thus, it is a non-sequitor.

Disclaimer: I am not a lawyer, nor do I live in Manhatttan.
WELCOME TO THE INTERNET
When the public order isn't working to begin with.  When a rapist is able to destroy, or at least significantly and negatively impact a woman's life through no fault of her own.

I'm not ready to mount up a posse and kill every rapist, but I'd have been willing to let this particular killing slide by with a slap on the wrist if I was the Judge.  Maybe some probation.  That seems reasonable.

After all, SOCIETY had nothing to fear from this guy.  Just rapists.  In particular, just people who raped HIS GIRL.

He hardly seems a threat to society, and I wouldn't have felt any less safe on the streets if he had walked instead of serving 16 unbelievable years for the crime.

If I had been on the jury then he wouldn't even have gotten a slap on the wrist...
&gt;Individual citizens are not allowed to be judge, jury, and "executioner"

Says who?
&gt;No, it's not an outrage if you're a thinking human being. 

Yes it is.  16 years is an outrage under the circumstances.  It is like the ridiculous zero-tolerance crap we have everywhere now.

The law is supposed to be flexible enough to take into account extenuating circumstances.

The guy could have killed the rapist in a bar-fight and gotten 4 years in prison.

Instead he killed a rapist who raped HIS girlfriend and served 16 years for that. That is an outrage.

&gt;You cannot advocate vigilante justice, regardless of the crime. 

Yes, you can. It is easy for you to sit here - not in that man's shoes - and be all cool and rational.  But for him it wasn't theoretical and it wasn't about society and vigilantism or justice.  It was about HIS girlfriend being RAPED by a man and his desire to avenge that rape.

&gt;It may sound great now, but the cost to innocent people is too great.

I agree with you here.  I don't advocate vigilantism.  But 16 years was an outrage for this case.
Really?  Ted Kennedy got a much better deal...
&gt;Murderers aren't dangerous criminals? This guy has shown that he is willing and able to kill when he feels slighted. 

Hmm, so do you honestly consider someone raping your girlfriend to be a "slight."  Or are you using misleading and inaccurate statements to bolster your weak argument?

&gt;Would you acquit if he had killed someone for cutting him off in traffic? 

Ahh, I think that I see the problem.  You aren't able to discern the difference in cutting someone off in traffic and raping someone's girlfriend. Wow.

&gt;How about stealing from him? He wasn't paying back murder with murder even, remember, he was paying back rape with murder.

That's the best way.  Swift and disproportionate response is the best way to go when establishing boundaries with someone who is breaking the law.  It stops the lawbreaker and gives pause to those considering doing the same.
I am saying that we cannot know that this guy has a high bar for what he considers to warrant death.  We don't even have to consider issues like this in a rational society where the laws are applied to everyone equally and vigilante justice is not allowed.  Would this guy murder his own grandmother for taking the last cookie?  I don't know.  All I know is that he believes himself to be above the law and doesn't believe that the laws of the society he lives in don't prevent him from killing when he feels personally that it is justified.

I can tell the difference between cutting someone off in traffic and raping someones girlfriend.  Can this guy?  I don't know.  All I know is that this guy is a murderer and should be put in prison for murder, regardless of who the victim is.  Period.

&gt;It stops the lawbreaker and gives pause to those considering doing the same.

It stops the lawbreaker but it most certainly does not give pause to anyone considering doing the same.  Read up on the death penalty as deterrent.  It does not work.  Not even a little bit.
I heard that he killed someone else while in prison.
&gt;Yes, you can. It is easy for you to sit here - not in that man's shoes - and be all cool and rational.

Exactly.  THOSE are the people that should be determining the punishment for the rapist.  People who are cool and calm and rational.  People who are involved emotionally cannot be expected to mete out justice.  Look at what this guy did, he committed murder.  It will scar him for the rest of his life unless he is a sociopath.  Whether you think a killing is 'justified' or not, if you are not a sociopath, it will destroy you psychologically.  This guy should be punished severely for his crime because it is a crime that many people could easily be tempted to commit themselves - often on innocent people.  That cannot be allowed to happen.

What is the drawback everyone is expecting if we DONT let people go around murdering people when they think they know someone else has broken the law?
&gt;this should be made known to be unquestioningly unacceptable.

Not in my world. Where I come from, in cases like this the jury examines two critical questions: Did the dead man deserve killing, and is the defendant the one who should have done it?

If *both* answers are yes, the defendant walks, and that is justice. And that system works. The streets are not littered with vengeance-slain bodies.
I really don't understand your comment.  

Do you know what a syllogism is?
What?  Who is getting a job?  Are you referring to me when you say "poster"?  The person I'm responding to?  You're not making any sense.
Oh, you're reading his mind now.  He'd never kill unless it was something as bad as rape.  And you know that.  I apologize.  All I see is that this guy is a murderer who thinks that he has the right to judge who lives and who dies in place of the judicial system we've agreed upon as a society.

How does paying back rape with murder 'seem consistent'?  Rape is a horrible crime, but to equate it with murder denigrates life itself.
Is a woman worth 16 years in a cage?
[deleted]
He could stay at my place.  I think I could find him a good job in real-estate.  Fuck all of you who think he had no right.  More sickos need to get a hot lead injection from righteous Americans.  Fuck all you half breed predators!
&gt; After all, SOCIETY had nothing to fear from this guy.

And if he'd gotten the wrong guy? Or if his girlfriend lied?

Angry vigilantes aren't the most rational of people and you cannot expect them to be rigorous enough to prove guilt, especially when dealing out a death sentence.

This guy *was* a danger to society, he proved it by going out and murdering somebody he hadn't met before on one person's say-so.
&gt; I am saying that we cannot know that this guy has a high bar for what he considers to warrant death.

Which is why he is judged on his actions, not what you think he may or may not do in the future.  His actions were perfectly reasonable and what many people would do.  If jurors in the case put themselves in his shoes and thought they might do the same, then they should have voted to aquit.
&gt;I wish that I had been on the jury that heard this man's case, because he would not have served a day in jail 

You are certain of this?
[deleted]
&gt; Given that we have juries, each of which contains a basically random sample of 12 of your peers, what you're advocating for is inconsistent, ad hoc justice.

You do realize that is the entire reason we have juries right?  That's why the system was set up the way it is.  So reasonable people (the jury) can over-ride unreasonable (by community standards) laws imposed by far off beaurocrats (or monarchs as it was).
Now if only we were all Kennedy's.
&gt; as I read more and more stories of the justice system letting people down, (thanks, Reddit!) I have softened my stance somewhat.

The justice system didn't even get a chance to operate in this case; she didn't press charges.

Sure, there are cases where vigilantes get the right guy, but there are also [cases where they get the wrong guy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonathon_Edington).
&gt;I am saying that we cannot know that this guy has a high bar for what he considers to warrant death. 

Come on now, be reasonable.  He had never killed anyone before. Unless you assume he lived in a bubble and no one had ever cut him off in traffic before, or stolen from him then we can safely assume that he had never decided to kill someone UNTIL a criminal raped his girlfriend.

For MOST OF US, that is a pretty high bar.  Perhaps not a legitimate bar, but high enough that this guy isn't a threat to society in general.

You are using unlikely scenarios and improbable situations to try and make your case.

Sticking with the FACTS, this man lived his whole life without ever killing anyone, then someone comes along and rapes his girlfriend and he snaps and kills that guy. I'm comfortable with that guy as my next-door neighbor.  He doesn't need to be in jail for 16 years.

&gt;We don't even have to consider issues like this in a rational society where the laws are applied to everyone equally and vigilante justice is not allowed. 

We don't live in that society.  In that society (rational) his girlfriend wouldn't have been raped - right?

Think of it this way.  This guys is living his life.  He loves his girlfriend.  He is a useful and contributing member of society.

Then along comes a spider.  A man RAPES his girlfriend and now he becomes the bad guy... how is that even vaguely reasonable.  It is extremely likely this guy would have gone on and continued to be a contributing member of society - except for the rapist that we failed to protect him and his girlfriend from in the first place.

&gt;Would this guy murder his own grandmother for taking the last cookie? I don't know. 

Here - let me provide some EVIDENCE for you FTA:

**Valverde, 36, was a college student *with no criminal record when he learned that his girlfriend of three years had been raped* by Joel Schoenfeld, a photographer on probation for two other sex attacks.**

So?  You don't know if I would either.  But I bet if you apply a logical risk-based analysis you'd probably decide that neither HE nor I would do that. Honestly...

&gt;All I know is that he believes himself to be above the law and doesn't believe that the laws of the society he lives in don't prevent him from killing when he feels personally that it is justified.

Bullshit.  Are you a computer or an emotional human being?  His girlfriend was RAPED. We aren't talking about hypotheticals here.  You have the luxury of leaning back in your computer chair and telling us how things OUGHT TO BE (while taking no blame whatsoever for the society that allowed this rapist to be walking the streets in the first place) and you sit back and judge this guy as if he was some arrogant sociopath?

He suffered an injustice that you can only IMAGINE.  But you are smugly confident that he is the problem with society?  Where were you when the rapist could have been put behind bars for his previous attacks?

&gt;I can tell the difference between cutting someone off in traffic and raping someones girlfriend. Can this guy? I don't know. 


Here - let me help you with risk-based analysis again, you seem to be struggling with it.

**Valverde, 36, was *a college student with no criminal record* when he learned that his girlfriend of three years had been raped by Joel Schoenfeld, a photographer on probation for two other sex attacks.**

&gt;All I know is that this guy is a murderer and should be put in prison for murder, regardless of who the victim is. Period.

We obviously see the world very differently.
It doesn't seem like many people are reading the article.  I'd like to offer brief synopsis FTA for those skimming the comments...

**Valverde, 36, was *a college student with no criminal record* when he learned that his girlfriend of three years had been raped by Joel Schoenfeld, a photographer *on probation for two other sex attacks*.**
&gt;And if he'd gotten the wrong guy?  Or if his girlfriend lied?

He didn't get the wrong guy. Read the article.

A Queens man who shot and killed **the serial sex predator who raped his girlfriend** is finally getting out of prison. 


Valverde, 36, was **a college student with no criminal record** when he learned that his girlfriend of three years had been raped by Joel Schoenfeld, a photographer **on probation for two other sex attacks.**
Yes, exactly what I was saying. In fact, it is obscenely long, because murder sentences usually range from 10-15 years. The point I was also trying to make was that the man was obviously under a great deal of stress and not in his normal frame of mind. You have to allow that people are people, and make mistakes. 

If, when one of my friends/relations was raped, I was in the same vicinity as the rapist, I would be very hard pressed not to do some extremely serious damage to him. As it was, I was extremely torn up about it for months.

I'm saying that his crime is understandable, as, for example, the physically abused wife who eventually snaps and kills her husband. In this case, the sentence was way out of proportion to the crime.
A lot of guys would kick the shit out of another guy if someone just slapped their girlfriend's ass. Imagine how most guys would react if the action was rape. I wouldn't call it "macho man"... just "man".
I'm certain that I wouldn't have found him guilty. And I would have argued VERY HARD for his aquittal in the deliberation room.
Charles Bronson seconds your motion!  ;-)
Not really, because by your reasoning we should imprison the person who kills someone just because they can, and the person who kills to defend their family, for the same amount of time.

In this case, the man was imprisoned for longer than an average murder sentence.
&gt;Crimes of passion don't get any leeway in New York I guess.

&gt;Ouch. I guess I'll leave my humanity at home if I ever go to NY.

A person has self-control. A Homo sapiens who kills because of uncontrolled emotion is a dangerous animal, and is a threat to those around him.
She's a witch!
Burn her!
&gt;Look at what this guy did, he committed murder. 

Not the way I view the world.  He did what needed to be done, and what the law was apparently unable to do...

FTA: Valverde, 36, was a college student with no criminal record when he learned that his girlfriend of three years had been raped by Joel Schoenfeld, **a photographer on probation for two other sex attacks.**

&gt;It will scar him for the rest of his life unless he is a sociopath. Whether you think a killing is 'justified' or not, if you are not a sociopath, it will destroy you psychologically. 

citation needed - badly.

&gt;This guy should be punished severely for his crime because it is a crime that many people could easily be tempted to commit themselves - often on innocent people. That cannot be allowed to happen.

We see the world very differently.  Too bad for him that someone like me wasn't on the jury.

In my world, a rapist who was beating the system is killed by the boyfriend of one of the women he raped.  Life goes on.

In your world, the rapist is the victim and the man who FINALLY took him off the streets when the law seemed unable to do so - where that rapist can now no longer threaten your or your family - is a murderer who scares you and threatens society.

I'm unable to follow your logic.

Don't get me wrong, I see your point about vigilante justice in general. But I am able to look at an individual case and say, "we'll let this one quietly slide under the carpet."

I assume in your world, if I speed to the hospital with a mortally wounded child and his life is saved because I was able to get him there in time - I still need to be punished harshly and slapped down because society won't recover from lawbreakers who think they can drive dangerously when they perceive the situation to be extraordinary do so?

&gt;What is the drawback everyone is expecting if we DONT let people go around murdering people when they think they know someone else has broken the law?

I see what you did there.  You took a situation where someone DID BREAK THE LAW and then you acted like they only "thought they broke the law."  I understand now.  You don't care about this case.  You care about "the big picture."  Screw this poor guy who reacted emotionally to his girlfriend being raped, because we have to protect society from hypothetical cases that you IMAGINE might happen - regardless of what happened in this ACTUAL case that DID happen.
That's just his side of the story.
&gt;Oh, you're reading his mind now. 

Why not, you are...

&gt;He'd never kill unless it was something as bad as rape. And you know that. I apologize.

Well, we do have the information in the article that says he had no criminal record of ANY KIND before this incident.  So I'd argue that you could make a pretty good case that he certainly had shown no inclination whatsoever that he would kill, or even commit some lesser crime, UNTIL SOMEONE RAPED HIS GIRLFRIEND.

You can't be honest when you make his argument.  You really can't.  You can pretend and you can argue it as a logical game - but honestly you know that based on the evidence presented in the article, this was a law-abiding citizen who snapped when his girlfriend was raped. 

Rape appears to be a minor crime in your mind.  It is more serious to some of us.

&gt;All I see is that this guy is a murderer who thinks that he has the right to judge who lives and who dies in place of the judicial system we've agreed upon as a society.

It didn't appear to be working, since the article says the man who raped his girlfriend was on probation for - not one, but - TWO previous sexual assaults.

&gt;How does paying back rape with murder 'seem consistent'? Rape is a horrible crime, but to equate it with murder denigrates life itself

Spoken like someone who has never been raped.  It is clear that you consider rape to be a minor crime.  Perhaps you hate women?  It appears that way.  I understand where you are coming from now.  You are a misogynist and your hatred of women shows.
The drunk driving laws would have to be far more lax.  And we'd have an alcohol shortage.  But we would all be privileged so it would be worth it.

I'd be very careful driving at night though.
1. The parent post references 'massive mitigating circumstances.' These 'massive mitigating circumstances' all boil down to the other fellow 'deserving it' as I said. I would argue, and I think I argue it rightly, that the concept of the victim deserving it is an implied premise from which that post proceeds to make conclusions. My stipulation of this being an implied premise is further bolstered in reading the parent poster's other comments within this topic. 

2. Murder was used purely conversationally in this sense. However, if you prefer, I would be perfectly willing to submit the revised statement **"So manslaughter is alright so long as the victim deserved it?"** as my advocacy. The same issue is at stake irrespective of the semantics involved: whether or not it is legitimate to take a life, should that life be so judged as unfit.
So if somebody raped your GF, you wouldn't feel so pissed off that you would beat him up?

This guy went to far, but if somebody raped my gf or member of my family, I would want to beat them up.
Can you please explain to me how democracy is anything but mod rule?
Like I said, I've just softened my stance. Sometimes the courts screw up, sometimes the vigilantes screw up.

We've been raised to believe that the justice system knows all so let it play out, when it's just not true. 

That's all I was saying; I don't deny that some cases exist where they (vigilantes) get the wrong guy.
A brilliant disclaimer, by the way.
[deleted]
There's a difference between wanting to and doing it.
I see what you're saying.  I still say the "deserving it" part is subjectively added by you.  \*I\* subjectively see the "massively mitigating circumstances" not in the context of the victim "deserving it", but the assailant under "extreme emotional distress" at the time.  

I'll take this to an extreme to (hopefully) demonstrate my point. When somebody is clinically insane and kills somebody, they don't go to prison for murder, they get sent to the insane asylum [1].  It doesn't matter if the victim 'deserved it' or not - the insane assailant cannot be held responsible for intent to kill and isn't processed by the  criminal justice system.  Instead they go through a psychiatric handling system.

Your argument is based on the question of whether or not the victim deserved it, and I claim the question isn't germane.

glad you liked the disclaimer :)

[1] ok, this doesn't always happen in reality, but this is what's *supposed* to happen.
When it removes a serial sex offender from society?
I have to wonder what the anti-gun people would be doing if there weren't guns. I'm going to guess they'd become anti-knife people. Until eventually we outlaw anything with a sharp edge.

Seriously though, people have been killing each other for thousands of years. Take guns away, and people will still kill each other, trust me.
I think that if you take the original post in the context of the poster's other comments, you would see the 'extreme emotional distress' theme vanish quickly.

As a side note, I don't think that extreme emotional distress should be enough to muster the full acquittal the initial post demanded either.
Jesus christ you're an idiot.

You sound like someone who has been raped.  It's clear that you're biased and therefore love murder.  I get it, you must hate men.  I understand where you're coming from now.  You are a man hater and your hatred of men shows.
Murder is a reasonable reaction to a variety of situations. That post, for instance...
A spine?
Thanks, you said that well.
&gt; There's a difference between wanting to and doing it.

Of course there is. *That's why you do it.*
Right, because someone who says people should have self-control deserves to die.
You think going out and shooting someone because you're angry is somehow brave? It's the act of an animal, instinctively lashing out at a perceived threat.
Raping a bitch is not a perceived threat.
Edwinj85 said:
&gt;o if somebody raped your GF, you wouldn't feel so pissed off that you would beat him up?
This guy went to far, but if somebody raped my gf or member of my family, I would want to beat them up.

The "threat" isn't a vague idea, there is a rapist. Your girlfriend (theoretical) was his victim. I do in fact believe that beating the living fuck out of this rapist is well within societal boundaries for accountability. 

You said:
&gt;You think going out and shooting someone because you're angry is somehow brave? It's the act of an animal, instinctively lashing out at a perceived threat.

No, that's quite insane.
Ducks, rocks, etc.  

We all know the joke, no need to bother typing it all.
Yes, reply to the literal interpretation of the facetious jibe and sidestep the content. I should make you into soap.
That sentence says "36, was... "

So it's in the past tense, which was the source of the confusion for me. 36 makes sense, but it's an unclear sentence in my opinion. I don't know why I got downmodded, seemed a legitimate question to me.
Murder is murder. I have no sympathy.
&gt;The "threat" isn't a vague idea, there is a rapist. Your girlfriend (theoretical) was his victim. I do in fact believe that beating the living fuck out of this rapist is well within societal boundaries for accountability.

How many times have people lied about being raped? How many times have people been wrong about who the rapist is?

You cannot run a society on allowing the victim to become judge, jury, and executioner. And yes, a man whose woman was raped is also a victim here.

The thought of some homicidal loon coming after me because someone *said* I did something horrible makes me want to invest in automatic weapons and bulletproofing. That people are defending thought processes that could get me (or you, or anyone else) killed for no reason disturbs me further.

&gt;No, that's quite insane.

You're the one saying that shooting someone for a perceived crime (real or not) is brave.
Rape my wife or daughter, better grow another set of eyes, because I'm coming for you.  You'll live, but you won't have much fun with jellied nuts and knees.
&gt;How many times have people lied about being raped? How many times have people been wrong about who the rapist is?

Less than fatal taser victims, more than Ron Paul voters.

&gt;You cannot run a society on allowing the victim to become judge, jury, and executioner. And yes, a man whose woman was raped is also a victim here.

I can't run any society (without an airforce/tanks) I can only participate in one. Don't rape my girlfriend and I wont knock your teeth down your throat. I agree to do the same under the same conditions. High-five.

&gt;The thought of some homicidal loon coming after me because someone said I did something horrible makes me want to invest in automatic weapons and bulletproofing. That people are defending thought processes that could get me (or you, or anyone else) killed for no reason disturbs me further. 

All those perceived threats are freaking you out.

&gt;You're the one saying that shooting someone for a perceived crime (real or not) is brave.

I did? Show me.
You are confusing defence with revenge here.
Out of curiousity, where do you live?  And if it is US, can you show me a reference?  I don't think just being deserved to die according to a group of people is enough to kill someone anywhere.  By the way, defence is whole another story.
&gt;Don't rape my girlfriend and I wont knock your teeth down your throat.

So, what happens if you erroneously think I raped your girlfriend and you render my wearing braces in middle school pointless? Do I get to come burn down your house, or what? A few free whacks with a 2x12?

&gt;All those perceived threats are freaking you out.

Yes, and I'm expressing my concerns in a nonviolent manner rather than barricading my house and shooting all those who approach.

&gt;I did? Show me.

&gt;&gt;&gt;So if somebody raped your GF, you wouldn't feel so pissed off that you would beat him up?

&gt;&gt;There's a difference between wanting to and doing it.

&gt;A spine?

Excuse me, I missed the transition between shooting and beating. I interpreted "spine" as meaning "Strength of character; courage or willpower." I found it unlikely that you were asserting that one had to be a vertebrate to take this sort of action.
You would have to get every single person in that room to agree with you.  Also, pushy people don't always get their way.
He got mansluaghter instead of murder because it wasn't premeditated.
Uh oh I think you've hit a vein.
Perhaps the sample size is too small, like in certain areas of Alabama or Mississippi. The jury system is not easily corrupted, but easy enough.
I'm not advocating that people should be allowed to kill whomever they wish with no review or consequences.  I simply think that a person's motives should be considered when deciding their guilt.
No, not really. You really don't think about 'revenge', just about stopping the guy ever doing something like it ever again. At least in my experience.
&gt;you are more likely to make a mistake than a court with all of its procedural safeguards against injustice.

Forgive me, but I don't have a lot of faith in the courts ability to dispense justice.  

&gt;I think you're just an internet tough guy. People who care about their families do not kill other people without any remorse

Perhaps.  Hopefully I'll never be in a situation where I'm put to the test.
Juries are hardly a random sample in most cases.  But, that aside I would rather trust to the judgement of 12 of my peers than into a law written with no knowledge of my personal circumstance.

I simply have a different point of view than you.  In my eyes a person who intentionally harms another without provocation is scum, an absolute waste of flesh.  To me death is no more than they deserve.  I understand that others may disagree, and hold human life sacred in and of itself for one reason or another. 

I don't think that a person should be able to do whatever they wish without a review of their actions.  I simply think that juries should be able to take motivation into account when deciding guilt or innocence.  That they are forced to convict a man when they feel he was right to do what he did is not justice, in my eyes.

And when it comes down to it, I don't think that the legal system works very well.  If a man rapes my fiancee, and she tells me he did it, but he is declared innocent in court then who should I trust?  Society would say the courts, but I would certainly take my fiancee's word over the opinion of the court.    

And I don't think I should be able to kill whomever I want when I feel like it.  I do, however, feel that there are situations where I would be morally obligated to kill someone.
Believe you me.  Believe me.  You, believe me.  Believe me, you, there.  Hey you, believe me.  Me, you, believe now.  Now, other person, you, yeah you, believe me.  etc.
[deleted]
This was in cold blood.  Then this dude's girl left him.  I guess she had to 'move on" but really where's the love?
He could have just beat the shit out of him.  Instead he shoots him.
Is rape worse than murder?
I was honestly trying to start a side-conversation about why it is people are so opposed to vigilante justice. Oh well...
OJ got a twofer.
Juries are far from infallible.
[deleted]
The original article refered to revenge, not me, so I thought you were talking in that context.  According to the article, the murder's reason revenge, not stopping anyone from anything. 

Also, who are you to say the rapist was going to (or not going to) do it again?  Are we supposed to kill anyone who has a chance to rape someone in future?
While I agree with you let's be honest about this; the relationship would never have survived after the rape. The man is instinctually drawn to protect the woman and he failed in an epic sense, so to speak. At least in his own head. It's deep-seated psychology and all, but in his mind he was stripped of any manhood in as horrible a way as one could imagine. I mean if he really loved her... this is a girl who may have had difficulty with sexual intimacy for years to come, and it was his fault. If they had survived as a couple it would have been a pretty shitty relationship to be in.
Simple : media makes news, news convince idiots who then vote for hucksters, and said hucksters do whatever they've been paid to do by corporations (which control medias) without regard for whatever it is idiots voted for. That's democracy.

Mob rule : rumors inflame feelings, mob forms, someone yells "off with his head!", random guy plus passerbys are killed, mob disperse.

See? It's very different.
&gt;So, what happens if you erroneously think I raped your girlfriend and you render my wearing braces in middle school pointless? 

I'd feel awful, really.

&gt;Do I get to come burn down your house, or what?

Sure, I have Nintendo. Bring snacks. You can burn it down after some smash brothers. I won't think less of you if you are good at it.  

&gt;A few free whacks with a 2x12?

Fair enough, that would teach me not to assault random people with no clear evidence. You can even use a flaming piece of my house. 

While we are playing make believe: a huge percentage of rape cases are committed by someone known to the victim. Allow me to limit this awesome fantasy to that scenario instead of imagining that I am either a lunatic that will target random people on thin evidence in order to vent my primal fury, *or*, that I am going to get all CSI/Miami with an electron microscope in my "vendetta wagon" and a baseball bat in my back pocket (with fabulous sunglasses in the breast pocket of my smart blazer.) 

Earlier I mentioned accountability. That cuts both ways and I would have to assume that I would be answering for any beating I deliver to cops, judges and jury (unless I am very clever and fast.) 

&gt;Excuse me, I missed the transition between shooting and beating. I interpreted "spine" as meaning "Strength of character; courage or willpower." I found it unlikely that you were asserting that one had to be a vertebrate to take this sort of action.

You are awesome at deductive reasoning.
Interesting question. I think rape is almost as bad. 

One thing that came up during a discussion in my class was,you can murder someone in a fit of rage/temporary insanity etc but not rape. Rape is quite often premeditated or at least the offender knows what he is doing.
What makes it especially egregious is the fact that the women in question in all likelihood encouraged the act.  The "rapist" was more then likely just another fuck buddy.  Once the boyfriend found out she pleads rape.  Story of the century.
But what if he got the wrong guy?! The whole point of the court is to find out whether the guy is or isn't the rapist. If he killed him after conviction, I would be more sympathetic.
[deleted]
One down, [6 million](http://feeds.feedburner.com/~r/Goyfire/~5/235000065/GoyFire_54.mp3) to go.
that dude is buff.
&gt;&gt;A few free whacks with a 2x12?
&gt;Fair enough, that would teach me not to assault random people with no clear evidence. You can even use a flaming piece of my house.

Oh, come on. I can manage to swing a 2x12, but one that's on *fire*? That's just asking for trouble.

&gt;Allow me to limit this awesome fantasy to that scenario instead of imagining that I am either a lunatic that will target random people on thin evidence in order to vent my primal fury...

While you *may* be the rare cold-blooded badass who could actually be trusted with that power, I'm more concerned about the lunatics and the primal fury. There's plenty of them out there (witness Bush's re-election) and I don't want them thinking this is acceptable behavior.

&gt;&gt;I found it unlikely that you were asserting that one had to be a vertebrate to take this sort of action.
&gt;You are awesome at deductive reasoning.

I'll be honest, this argument has been far less irritating than expected. The image of some random internet nerd driving around in a station wagon with high-powered lab equipment in the back doing his best (but still terrible) David Caruso impression was hilarious. However, I think we've exhausted any usefulness this thread had.
I wouldn't consider beating the shit out of someone fair return for raping my girlfriend of three years.
&gt;Is rape worse than murder?

Arguably it is... the woman spends the rest of her life with at least some degree of insecurity and fear.
&gt;You would have to get every single person in that room to agree with you. Also, pushy people don't always get their way.

I don't think so.  We may both need to read up on our trial law, but I think at best I would need to get half the people in the room to agree with me.

You won't find anyone convicted of murder with only one person based on one juror voting guilty.

And I wouldn't be pushy.  I'd be persuasive.
We're in trouble as a world when vaginas become more sacred than lives.  I don't know how I'd react if my wife were raped; I can imagine it would be swift and terrible and totally out of character for me.  I don't even want to think about it.  But is it a crime that deserves a de facto death penalty?  Is our presumed virtue worth more than our lives?  

I'm not trying to be snide, I'm asking these questions legitimately because I simply do not know.
You`ll have a different opinion when criminals go free in our legal system because the Police officer at the time did not do what is called a lawful search.

Though, he shouldn`t have killed the guy though. Maybe some mutilation or a gun shot in the arms or the legs would have been sufficient, I mean, EVEN if he was in that state.

However, you also have to think that rapists do this knowing people like the shooter`s girlfriend could not fend or respond for themselves, so it`s not like I feel that much sympathy for the photographer, except for the fact that he was unable to atone for his sin before he left the world.
Well said
she even forgot abt the boyfriend and got married
When it makes society function more smoothly rather than less.
Well, look at it this way; you're 19, your whole life ahead of you. You get raped, you're traumatized. Too traumatized to press charges(so she was definitely effected deeply by this). 

Then your boyfriend kills the rapist. Maybe you're thrilled about that dead rapist(probably mixed emotions), but now you're boyfriend is in jail. Are you going to live with the reminder of that rape every day for 16 years? Day in day out, a constant reality? '

With rape, the number one thing you want to do is try to forget and move past it. Sounds selfish I suppose, but I wouldn't blame anybody for doing that.
Wow. This is a disgusting comment. What a horrible example of misogynist victim blaming.
You're doing it wrong.
"The girlfriend has since married and is now a mother, according to an individual familiar with the case".

That pretty much sums it all up.
No, I'm not saying it was a good idea to kill him. Because it obviously wasn't. I'm explaining the guys reasoning behind it.
No it wasn't. If you go round to the guys house to confront him after he raped your girlfriend, I very much doubt you're going to be that calm. And as the article says, things escalated and he accidentally killed him.
&gt;We're in trouble as a world when vaginas become more sacred than lives. 

You say you're not trying to be snide, but that remark seems less than accurate.

We aren't comparing vaginas to lives.  We are comparing what rape would do to a woman's mind and her life to a criminal's life.

In my mind, the criminal's life is worth less than the innocent victim's life.

What surprises me about this whole discussion is how many people seem willing to(claim that they would) let the law plod along, perhaps even ineffectively, even if it were their loved-one that was affected.

My wife and I were discussing what we would do if someone were to do something like this to our young son - and how un-natural it must be and how humiliating it must be for parents of a young child who is abused by a stranger to sit in a court room and see the person who did this to their child sitting across the room unharmed and wait - and hope - for the law to do the right thing.  And how often the law does not.

I would think the same emotions would apply here.  A man has been dating a girl for 3 years.  Some other man - already on probation for two other sexual assaults - rapes his long-time girlfriend and it is looking like he may get away with this attack as well.  This man has never seriously broken the law before according to his non-existent criminal record.

Yet reddit seems to think that removing him from society for 16 years because he took this predator out of society is the right thing to do.

Words fail me.

I get that some people here are very concerned that vigilante justice is wrong and could lead to terrible things.  But in THIS CASE it did not.  The right guy was eliminated.  He was a BAD guy.  He was harming society and the law wasn't stopping him.

What I get from this is that reddit as a whole seems to have a majority of people that believe the good of the whole is more important than the good of the individual.

I do not believe that.  I believe that fiercely protecting the individual is what is best for the whole of society.

This was a case where justice failed - badly.
My point is sometimes passion overcomes logic - it happens to all of us. If this man merely meant to beat up the guy and not kill him and is sorry for what he did, I would excuse him as long as he causes no further problems.

I think a man is entitled to defend his family and loved ones from violence, with violence. Sometimes you have to fight fire with fire. Granted, jumping the gun and beating up an innocent man is wrong, but what if you KNEW the guy had done it?

I'd kick his teeth in. He should be wouldn't let myself kill him.
If by pro-life you mean against the death penalty and the legalization of vigilante justice, then yes.
Zing indeed.
The good of both the individual and the whole is at stake when we start deciding that some people's lives simply aren't worth anything, and allow them to be killed ad hoc.
We simply can have people running around killing people at will. What if someone were to make a 'mistake' or had some 'unique' judgment regarding who deserves to live?
&gt;I think a man is entitled to defend his family and loved ones from violence, with violence.

If someone is kicking in the door of your home, or raping your wife, or standing over your kid with a knife, put him down. Take him out with your bare hands if necessary. But if the crime has been committed, you can't make it not have happened by hurting him.

The concept of defense does not extend to hunting somebody down after the fact and causing them pain. That is revenge.

&gt;Granted, jumping the gun and beating up an innocent man is wrong, but what if you KNEW the guy had done it?

Plenty of people have "known" things that weren't so. And a person whose passion is overcoming his logic is more susceptible. How many blacks were lynched because everybody *knew* "some nigger did it"?
I'll admit i'm obviously not an expert at trial law.  But it seems to me that getting only half of a jury to convict for murder seems a bit to slight for such a charge.  I'm not sure if state vs. federal court would matter either.  And if so, state by state.  Is there a lawyer in the house?
&gt;What if someone were to make a 'mistake' or had some 'unique' judgment regarding who deserves to live?

He didn't make a mistake.  He killed the man that raped his girlfriend and sexually assaulted (at least) two other women before her.

This wasn't a make-believe case.  It wasn't "what if."

It was real.  He didn't make a mistake.  Justice was not served.
Is so
Thats a little different. Racial profiling is different from catching somebody raping someone you love in the act, and then bragging about it. Vengence will not stop the crime happening but it sure as hell makes you feel better and makes sure it won't happen again - with that guy at least. Listen to the song 'coward of the county' by Kenny Rogers. It sums my argument up quite well and is also a good song missed by many IMO. 

Still, 'the gambler' is Kenny's best work.

*you've got to know when to fold them, know when to hold them, know when to walk away, know when to run...*
Making it alright for one individual de facto makes it alright for others. If you disagree, I would point to the fact that the entire judicial system is founded on precedent. Even if you say that the precedent would only apply to people whose victims were 'deserving' you face the problem of that being fairly subjective and leaving room for error.

Furthermore, I'd posit that neither man nor God nor anything else has given us the right or faculties (absolute knowledge) to decide who lives or dies.
Honestly - really, be honest now - don't you admit that there are zillions of situations where the law has been subverted, or quietly ignored, or "justice" has turned a blind eye because of extenuating circumstances and we haven't seen the collapse of society because of it?

Ted Kennedy didn't even get a TICKET for killing Mary Jo Kopechne.  Society survived.

[It happens often enough that there is even a name for it](http://www.law.umkc.edu/faculty/projects/ftrials/zenger/nullification.html).

Clearly, in this case the law could have given this man a meaningful - but not draconian - sentence that would have sent a message to society that this isn't worth doing, while still acknowledging that it would be wrong to put this man in jail for 16 years.

A year of jail would have been severe for most people and would have sent the message that vigilante justice is not to be tolerated without taking a large chunk of the best years of this man's life.
Is waterboarding worse than murder?

Waterboardees do not die from waterboarding.
What a perfect example of the victim mentality.
&gt;The justice system didn't even get a chance to operate in this case; she didn't press charges.

Actually, it did, when it released him on probation for two previous sexual assault convictions as stated in the article.

He was on parole when he was killed.
And your subsequent decades-long imprisonment would be a benefit to us all if you continue to refuse to develop restraint.

Summary:
I do not believe that.
I see what you did there.
I don't even want to think about it.
I see what you're saying.
You do not know that.
You don't know if I would either.
I agree with you here.
*That's why you do it.
only if there is no penalty for murdering people like you.
I hope your loved ones get raped.
Think of it this way.
This guy was not a dangerous criminal, so I think you would have been right to acquit.
This guys is living his life.
You sound like someone who has been raped.
And if so, state by state.
You get raped, you're traumatized.
He didn't get the wrong guy.
We don't live in that society.
He should be wouldn't let myself kill him.
I understand where you're coming from now.
I think rape is almost as bad.
Look at what this guy did, he committed murder.
He had never killed anyone before.
The guy was a serial rapist.
He was a BAD guy.
Instead he killed a rapist who raped HIS girlfriend and served 16 years for that.
I understand where you are coming from now.
In that society (rational) his girlfriend wouldn't have been raped - right?
I heard that he killed someone else while in prison.
This man, it seems, was.
I won't think less of you if you are good at it.
But in THIS CASE it did not.
I really don't understand your comment.
You don't care about this case.
I would think the same emotions would apply here.
16 years for taking a life?
Also, who are you to say the rapist was going to (or not going to) do it again?
And I'm ok with that, because I would get its benefit too.
And when it comes down to it, I don't think that the legal system works very well.
Don't get me wrong, I see your point about vigilante justice in general.
It would be very easy to make a first degree murder case here.
Yes, exactly what I was saying.
Would you acquit if he had killed someone for cutting him off in traffic?
"Would you acquit if he had killed someone for cutting him off in traffic?"
So now the guy is guilty of crimes he was *going to* commit?
You shouldn't murder anyone for any reason.
It doesn't seem like many people are reading the article.
"...he was paying back rape with murder."
If he killed him after conviction, I would be more sympathetic.
The guy behind bars didn't intentionally kill a man?
How many times have people been wrong about who the rapist is?
The death penalty is the murder of individuals who 'deserved it' by the state.
That being said I would have killed the prick also, and served the time.
In my world, a rapist who was beating the system is killed by the boyfriend of one of the women he raped.
A man RAPES his girlfriend and now he becomes the bad guy... how is that even vaguely reasonable.
But what if he got the wrong guy?!
&gt;Is rape worse than murder?
He was on parole when he was killed.
I hope nobody's loved ones get raped, ever.
has the poster ever been raped?
I don't think just being deserved to die according to a group of people is enough to kill someone anywhere.
I used to think that vigilante justice was wrong, unconditionally.
No, I don't want everyone to take the law in their own hands.
Come on now, be reasonable.
Imagine how most guys would react if the action was rape.
You have to allow that people are people, and make mistakes.
And while you think that some people deserve to die without a chance to explain themselves in court, I sure don't.
And I wouldn't be pushy.
Is rape worse than murder?
Believe you me, the people making those comments would not like living in a society where you live "by the gun."
And you know who that protects?
He killed the man that raped his girlfriend and sexually assaulted (at least) two other women before her.
Fuck all of you who think he had no right.
That cannot be allowed to happen.
Yes, rape is horrible, but it doesn't justify murder.
You cannot advocate vigilante justice, regardless of the crime.
Your girlfriend (theoretical) was his victim.
You're not making any sense.
It's great that you think so, but the jury decided that he was not.
He wasn't paying back murder with murder even, remember, he was paying back rape with murder.
How many times have people lied about being raped?
And yes, a man whose woman was raped is also a victim here.
Right, because someone who says people should have self-control deserves to die.
I am saying that we cannot know that this guy has a high bar for what he considers to warrant death.
So murder is alright so long as the victim deserved it?
Also, pushy people don't always get their way.
So for what reasons would find murder acceptable?
But 16 years was an outrage for this case.
A thinking human being will look at each case individually.
Take guns away, and people will still kill each other, trust me.
And how often the law does not.
He didn't make a mistake.
Letting him live like that is worse than death.
So if somebody raped your GF, you wouldn't feel so pissed off that you would beat him up?
No, it's not an outrage if you're a thinking human being.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 1.17
