Original Response:
This is crazy, those children should be shot dead, not put on some database and given a chance to stab someone in 5 years.

BTW im not being _entirely_ sarcastic, I do believe there are fail kids in this country who do just need to be shot by armed police while they wave a knife around.
We should all be put on DNA databases. Then we should all be able to follow our publicly elected officials, day or night, wherever they go, via tracers inserted under their skin.
Yes the entire family tree, starting two branches up, should be shot, so any naughtyness can be rooted out of the gene pool.

Five year olds are testing boundaries. If they misbehave, the parents are at fault, not the child.
Why stop at the entire family tree, they could have been in cahoots with their local neighbours, shoot them all ah tell thee.
I was just going to suggest that as a precursor to putting people of any country on a DNA database for any reason, we demand that all government officials and public servants to be put into a database and never allowed a position of authority in any place if they are proven to have abused their power or passed/enforced rules which they do not follow themselves.
Every so often, New Labour orders reports on criminality and how to best tackle it, but then the government doesn't like their conclusions because they're too soft.

On the other end, every other scumbag that comes up with some nazi proposal gets a fair hearing.

Good old Blighty.
THIS IS SPARTA
This is just a hypothetical question: I don't think we should be everyone on a DNA database. However, if we kept a database of everyone where each DNA sample is:

* only a small amount of DNA (e.g. some random bits of so-called junk DNA), not from any part that tells you anything useful about the person (e.g. you wouldn't be able to tell if the person is likely to get cancer).

* hash the DNA sample and only keep the hash. Nobody can get your actual DNA by hacking the database.

What's the worst that could happen if the police had access to such a database? Can anyone give a concrete example of some abuse that could happen?

The only real thing I can see is people could know where you had been, but we already have CCTV for that, or you could just be followed, or some witnesses could be asked. I think a DNA database would be really really useful for solving murders, kidnappings etc. but this does need to be weighed against privacy concerns. However, I'm not sure what those concerns are as long as you eliminate the storing of all of your DNA.
I feel a bit wary about trying to have an actual discussion about this idea since reddit has "changed" so much according to the old timers but I'll give it a shot.  

The wild, rebellious and pioneering US citizen in me initially finds this idea repugnant.  In fact, my gorge rises at it.  

But upon further consideration and whilst I hate this level of gov't involvement a personal tenet of mine is that if you want a better world you must make better people.  And if you want better people you have to make better children.  So, on some level this idea has an appeal.

On one hand this idea could stigma-tize and marginalize children but on the other hand (and I know this from personal experience) sometimes it only takes one caring and compassionate adult to lift a child out from their unfortunate circumstance.  This creepy DNA database could do that.  Let's discuss.

I suppose the first thing to consider is a human's DNA the best or even the necessary way to go in order to keep track of and help them?  Seems unlikely.
In fact; It takes a *village* to raise a child...

;-)
&gt;What's the worst that could happen if police had access to such a database...

[Glad you asked!](http://www.theagitator.com/2008/03/17/prosecutorial-and-judicial-misconduct-in-orange-county/)
That will be how I threaten my children (when I have children)...

"YOU SHAPE UP OR I'LL PUT YOU IN A FEDERAL DNA DATABASE!"
I don't understand your point. If DNA is being used incorrectly by the courts, fix the laws on the use of DNA evidence in  courts; don't deny the use of that evidence. It's well known that eye-witnesses give inaccurate statements that can influence court cases; by that logic, we should also ban the use of witnesses and collecting witness statements because they might be used incorrectly.
It is interesting that the forensic science director for the police uses the word "target" referring to cataloging children. It's as if they are simply going about the business of moving people into prisons and want to get an early start.
The problem is that you shouldn't be treated like a criminal until YOU ARE ONE! Why should I have to give up anything to anyone when I follow the laws every day and I don't murder or kidnap anyone. We're supposed to be living in a free society, yet a freedom as fundamental as the right to not have my DNA tracked by the government seems to be tossed aside as if it's no big deal simply because it might stop a murder or two in the future...

Stand up for yourself man. Don't let the government take every last ounce of your personal freedom...
Who defines what's "better"?

You?
Let's just nuke 'em from orbit.

It's the only way to be sure.
I really don't want to enter into a discussion about what a "better" person is.

Actually, I wouldn't mind it but the point of reddit is to discuss ideas stimulated by the article suggested to reddit.  

So, while what constitutes and who decides what is a good person is tagental I'd rather discuss the merits of this proposed system.

If no one wants to chat about this creepy DNA system I suppose we could talk about me defining what constitutes "better".
I don't understand why a DNA database is required to make better people? If they have ways in which they can diagnose potential "problem makers" as children, why not spend more time with them ensuring they get more education and attention while growing up to ultimately become contributing members of society? 

The problem with the DNA database solution is that you're basically saying, okay, nothing can be done for these kids so lets just log em in a database so we can throw them in prison later when they inevitably break the law. That is such a horrible outlook on the state of humanity...

The DNA database is the ultimate tag em and forget em solution. If you want to live in a better society, I think the worst thing you could do is start tracking humans the same way that scientists bag and tag migrating polar bears...
Pre-Crime.  It works.
&gt; The problem is that you shouldn't be treated like a criminal until YOU ARE ONE!

Why is having this stuff on a database to speed up crime investigations treating you like a criminal? How is this any different to storing your name/address (to track you down when you commit a crime), your car license plate (for when your car was involved), photo ID, your credit card transactions (for when you money launder) etc.?

&gt; Why should I have to give up anything to anyone when I follow the laws every day and I don't murder or kidnap anyone. 

You already give plenty of details to people.

&gt; Stand up for yourself man. Don't let the government take every last ounce of your personal freedom...

You need to explain what freedoms are being given up. You need to weigh up the pro and cons and I'm trying to ask a honest question of what the cons are. Saying "you're giving up privacy" is just hand waving if there are no concrete examples of how it could be misused.
Your DNA profile contains a lot more information then your home address or credit card number. Sure, it's great for potentially making it easy to stop a crime but how long until the first politician is denied a run for president because he contains a genetic predisposition for heart disease?

Or how long before every piece of DNA found at the scene of any crime is tracked and mapped to every crime with a person attached? So the next time I go for a job, my employer digs up and finds out I bought coffee at a Starbucks where someone was mugged once...

You give your trust in the proper use of these databases way too easily...
&gt; Sure, it's great for potentially making it easy to stop a crime but how long until the first politician is denied a run for president because he contains a genetic predisposition for heart disease?

Did you read my post? Keep a hash of DNA samples only. You cannot work out any phenotype information with that.

&gt; You give your trust in the proper use of these databases way too easily...

Do you agree there are crime stopping positives of having a DNA database? How does this weigh up against the cons? You've yet to give a realistic disadvantages to it.
I agree, but I would personally rather have cops track down criminals the old fashioned way then have a database of DNA that can be abused. 

I guess that's a personal choice though and depends on how much you trust your government to do what's right with the data they collect.
If you're on the naughty list, does that mean you get coal for christmas?
&gt; I agree, but I would personally rather have cops track down criminals the old fashioned way

Why? Do you think checking for fingerprints are a good idea? Witness reports? Why is DNA too much? The quicker the police are, the less money/time they waste.

&gt; then have a database of DNA that can be abused.

We haven't established it can be abused yet, unless you have some examples.

&gt; I guess that's a personal choice though and depends on how much you trust your government to do what's right with the data they collect.

We could try to evaluate the pros and cons more.
Agreed on all points.  Really, we need to argue why it might be helpful. Not because I want one to come into existence or even am optimistic it may work but because I can see no prima facie evidence that it will help.

I am hardpressed to figure why a DNA database would be any better than say a photo database.
large-scale political corruption will result in the death penalty.
Heck yeah!  Babies should be put in the database for pooping their pants!  These children *must* be controlled!
I would be concerned about insurance companies using this information (covertly) to deny potential customers
Read the bullet points in my post: store only the hash of junk DNA. Insurance companies cannot do anything with it even if they had access.
how can you be sure what constitutes junk?  if the same junk shows up more in one population than another, that gives the holder of that information at least likelihoods about who you are and who you are not.  for the material to be uniquelly identifying there has to be some information.  I don't think that will keep you anonymous and protected from discrimination
Which is why I've said in every post to hash the data:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hash_function

Would you still have a problem with this?

Summary:
&gt; then have a database of DNA that can be abused.
We should all be put on DNA databases.
Why is DNA too much?
This creepy DNA database could do that.
I don't understand why a DNA database is required to make better people?
I don't understand your point.
It's the only way to be sure.
I really don't want to enter into a discussion about what a "better" person is.
Keep a hash of DNA samples only.
This is just a hypothetical question: I don't think we should be everyone on a DNA database.
What's the worst that could happen if the police had access to such a database?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
