Original Response:
[deleted]
that's fucked up


anyway did they find Osama yet?
I don't know whether to be angry at the culture there, or why this is still happening if US took care of the Taliban and Afghanistan is a free democratic state.
I don't care if these guys were behind 9/11 or not. It's a hideous form of execution, and those who do it need to be repaid.
[deleted]
Doesn't the first part of your statement answer the second?

You can bomb the shit out of a ruling party, but you can't bomb the shit out of culture.  Well, unless you create a TV show there called "Afghani Idol" . . . but we're not supposed to use torture.
&gt; I don't care if these guys were behind 9/11 or not.

Neither does Bush.
"As you have done unto the least of my brethren, surely have you done it unto me."

Jesus is regarded by Muslims as one of Islam's prophets.
Be angry at irrationality.
hah wimps so afraid of girls who know stuff.
This type of stuff is the strongest argument against Iraq. We would have crushed the Taliban by now if we weren't scattered around the region, something Obama has been saying for a long time now.
[deleted]
This is not part of Afghani culture. This is Taliban culture. And the Taliban is a cult of crazies composed of people of many origins.
WAKE UP SHEEPLE!!
Afghanistan is as Afghanistan does.  You can't dismiss the Taliban as a small cult of crazy assholes who took control of a country to the dissatisfaction of its citizens.  The Taliban were popular with the Afghan people.

You can take the Taliban out of Afghanistan, but it will naturally [creep back in](http://www.csmonitor.com/2008/0421/p01s03-wosc.html?page=1)
Taliban are convenient. If they are crushed then no one has any excuse to keep this war going. Musharraf of Pakistan used to start bombing areas when ever he needed to get attention off of him self. Taliban were convenient because while they were in Afghanistan, they were used as an excuse to invade Iraq. 

Some governments need an enemy.
Of course, they were popular when they were fighting the Russians. Then after the Russians left, these jihadists decided to conquer Afghanistan for themselves (while working with the Pakistani government)
I can't believe these Orthodox rabbis would do such a thing.  They've already said an Arab is worth 1/1000th of person and that all Palestinians should be killed, so I guess I'm not surprised.
The Taliban are neither crazies nor a cult. The Original Taliban's leaders were foreigners (to Afganhistan)  that were specifically funded by Islamic "charity" routes. Much of the money came from Saudi Arabia, but also from muslims world wide. The people who gave their money to the Taliban were happy to support a traditional theocratic muslim government. It may or may not be true that most Muslims don't support this type of thing. But, anybody who says that this is not an issue that stems from Islamic religious teachings is in denial. This is what you get when you believe that God wrote a book, or picked a specific person as his mouthpiece.
&gt; Afghanistan is as Afghanistan does. You can't dismiss the Taliban as a small cult of crazy assholes who took control of a country to the dissatisfaction of its citizens.

This is a difficult question.

Presumably everyone who sent their daughters to this school opposes the Taliban. 

And the Taliban, unlike the Iraq militants, *do* have a large foreign component.
. . . and they remained popular even after the Russians left.  Afghanis appreciated the Taliban's elimination of corruption, restoration of peace, and return to economic normalcy.

To pretend the Afghanis were being held prisoner by an unwelcome regime is a mischaracterization of the situation.
and they would be wiped out if we weren't focusing all our troops in IRaq.

go america.
That's true, but at some point in time you can't simply just blame the Taliban for every fucked up thing that happens in Afghanistan.  The Afghan people, with their complacent acceptance of Taliban beliefs and behavior, should carry some of the blame as well.
It's "nutjob" culture-Just like those guys in Texas a few years ago who abducted James Byrd Jr.and then drug him behind their pickup until his body came apart.  Byrd's "crime?"  Being of African descent.

So you can criticize the Taliban all you want, but don't forget that we have our own local variety right here in the US...
&gt; The Afghan people, with their quiet acceptance of Taliban beliefs and behavior, should carry some of the blame as well.

Gawd, shut up fool. The Taliban are a gunned-up group of mysoginist totalitarian  religious nutters, not the "widely supported" freedom fighter movement you seem to think they are. Your acceptance of them as such is far more damaging than any "quiet acceptance" by their victims - the posted story shows they don't really have much choice, when they're dragged out of bed to be murdered.
Which is why we need to eliminate this god virus. It's a disease affecting nearly 98% of the planet.
I didn't say they're widely supported.  Afghanistan has been through a lot of shit over the past few decades, and when the Taliban came to power the Afghani people said "well, this isn't so bad.  It's a whole lot better than what we had before.  I'm okay with this."  The Afghani people never had a chance to "support" or "oppose" the Taliban because the Taliban never asked for their approval, but the Afghani people did choose to accept the Taliban and their behavior.

They by and large tolerated the Taliban, and by doing so made a deal with the devil to allow brutal theocratic laws to descend upon their country.
is that a joke or did I read something different than you?
"Religion of peace"
&gt; I didn't say they're widely supported. 

So that's where your argument runs out of steam. If most Afghans do not support the Taliban, I cannot blame the Taliban on most Afghans. If Afghans were to vote for the Taliban, then I would blame them.

&gt; They by and large tolerated and accepted the Taliban, 

Individual citizens, in the absence of real elections, have very little influence over 'tolerating and accepting' the government, especially when the government comes to power at the barrel of a gun.
[deleted]
I'm glad that people like Muhammad Halim risk their lives to teach girls. As long as there are courageous people like him, change is possible.
He's dead.
The Afghans are responsible for creating an environment where the Taliban could flourish.  But it goes beyond that.  A country in a state of constant civil war says "okay, we can live with that" when the Taliban ascends to power.

When you see a woman being beat and you do nothing you are supporting the Taliban.  Individual citizens, even without the power to vote, can do a lot.  It starts with standing up in the face of injustice.  The Taliban is what happens when good men do nothing.
and we all know what happens when you gun-up already gunned up religious nutters...
feminists need to fuck off to these places and make some real progress.
Aye, tarnish an entire religion based on the actions of people in a *region* that seem to share this cultural flaw.  Quit the knee-jerk reactions and employ a little bit of analytical skill.
Or, how about leaving Afghanistan the fuck alone and letting it actually develop without the constant foreign invasions and occupations.
I didn't forget at all. In fact, didn't the Taliban have a few American members as well?
I've heard of such things happening in more than just Afghanistan - encompassing all across the Middle East.  And it's all done in the name of religion.
The Taliban is a tribe consisting of 40 million people split between Afghanistan and Pakistan (Great job on forming those borders, UK).  Is this fact not available to Americans?
They are a particularly large cult. I believe that they were supported by powerful people not only due to their religion but also for strategic reasons.

The single largest backers of Taliban were Saudi Arabia and Pakistan's secret service, ISI. So, yeah, religious and strategic purpose. 

I called it a cult because the majority of Muslims are just as crazy (or uncrazy) as a majority of Christians and Jews. It's just the violent wings are waaay more violent thanks to governments actively training and funding the violent groups.
Please elaborate. I thought the Pashtuns were the tribe that was split between Afghanistan and Pakistan. 

Taliban literally means "The students". These guys are just religious students from Pakistan who set off on a jihad to fight the Russians. These Taliban were funded by Saudi Arabia, Pakistan's secret service and US provided lots of the weapons.

It's not a "tribe" in the traditional sense. It is made up of Arabs, Afghans and Pakistanis.
[deleted]
&gt; We would have crushed the Taliban by now

Russians thought so too.
*sigh*

Go dig up crap from your own religion (whatever it is). I am sure you will find plenty.

You know what they say about people and glass houses...
i'm no advocate of violence, but at some point, the rational of that community need to draw the blood of the tyrants, there is no other way to send the message. This is gang warfare, and nothing will happen until someone either on the side of rationality, or ignorance, rises up decimates their opposition. 

It is amazing this kind of ignorant bullshit still happens in this day and age, the power of religion indeed.
Aye, appears to be my bad.  My sincerest apologies.  Pashtuns is the tribe, Taliban is the political wing.  Still, I wouldn't label them a *small* group of anything, since they have a lot of support from the Pashtuns on both sides of the border.
Regional, as in Middle East.  Go look up Mulsims in other continents.  You'll find much better treatment of women.
Please don't confuse your baby with your bathwater. A bunch of arch-conservative theocrats wishing to keep female power in check through brutally violent means is not a universal example of people who simply believe that some sort of being kicked off the Big Bang.
I'm not religious.  I certainly do agree that bad things are done in the name of all religions.  But it seems like whenever something bad is done in the name of Islam especially, everyone comes out and says how it's a "Religion of Peace" and it's not the norm - but there's only so many times that can be said.
I wish that the US would toss some guards the way of the folks who are getting these threats.
Ha ha, feminists will complain vociferously that evil pope won't approve abortion or allow women to be priests. They don't have time or energy or will to look at some women god knows where
Of course... but the Middle East is a pretty big area to just ignore when it comes to these things. It's like if Catholics started committing these type of acts in Europe and the Pope came out and said "Forget about Europe, just look at other continents"
that's because they don't actually give a crap about women.  All they care about is hating men and getting more special interest power in government.
Sounds like a Cannibal Corpse song.
&gt; .. Afghani people said "well, this isn't so bad. It's a whole lot better than what we had before. I'm okay with this." 

They said this? You heard them?

&gt; .. The Afghani people never had a chance to "support" or "oppose" the Taliban because the Taliban never asked for their approval, but the Afghani people did choose to accept the Taliban and their behavior.

Ah, so you didn't hear them say that and you admit no-one actually "asked" them.
One good man tried to teach girls to read, and the Taliban gutted him for it. I think you expect rather too much from the terrorised Afghan population.
Then the problem would be a European one, or at least a European Catholic one.  To make snarky comments about the entire religion as a whole based on the behavior of a minority would be inapprorpiate at best.

But back to reality:  Muslim fundamentalism in the Middle East also varies from state to state.  Afghanistan is, to my knowledge, the worst offender by a very large margin.
The sad thing is, to the vast number of American ignorati, if you told them his name is Muhammed Halim, they would say there's a 95% chance he's an American hating terrorist.
So you're saying that Catholics across the globe wouldn't be looked at differently due to what was going on in Europe in the name of Catholicism?

Give me a break.  The Pope and the leadership of Catholics would be pressured to ease the situation.  Why can't Muslim leadership do the same?
Show me the highly centralized Muslim heirarchy.
It's not my problem that Islam doesn't have one.   Maybe it should be time for Muslim leadership across the world to band together to try to stop this violence and extremism?
I love Muslims.  They are so hardcore.
Sure,  and the US Army has a few Afghans in it  as well.
So you are going to hold all Muslims responsible for the actions of a relatively small group?  Many Muslims have already spoken out against religious fundamentalists, you just won't see much of that in the mainstream media.

Afghanis, and the Taliban in particular, are not beholden to the opinions of foreign Muslims.  As such, the amount of influence Muslims around the world can exert of the Taliban is just about zero.

Americans are unable to band together to end the violence and extremism if their government's foreign policy.  Should I view all Americans in contempt for that?  Or should I be more specific in my condemnation?

Apply that logic to the religious situation in Afghanistan, and Islam across the world.
&gt;It may or may not be true that most Muslims don't support this type of thing.

Wtf? Of course most Muslims don't support disemboweling people who teach girls to read. It's frightening that some people are ignorant enough to think that this could possibly be the case.
It's a good damn thing we stopped that Madman in Iraq!
"Keep thee relgion to thee self"

This is the reason I wont follow any religion blindly. No "You shall not" but definitly "I will not"
Absolutely, we need more people like him in the world.
part of the problem is a lack of understanding in how all these groups work (Taliban, Hamas, Hezbollah, Fatah, Muslim Brotherhood etc etc) They are not merely militant organizations, but also provide social services. security, and economic aid and stabiltiy.

Not that I'm defending the Taliban, I think they are a horrible group of people, but rather that its not that simple of why many people support them. Many people see them as them as the best option.
That's right, because when you live in a country terrorized by criminals, it's not the responsibility of you, as a citizen of the country, to fix the problem.  The proper solution is to either just give in to the violence and let it happen, or wait for someone from another country to come along and risk *their* life to fix your mess.
Well said geiger.  Nixon, you fail to consider the reality of living under such brutal, worse-than-medieval rule, with a complete absence of the rule of law.  Yes, of course it would be great if someone did something everytime a woman was "beat" (sic).  However, when there are a dozen thugs with guns who wouldn't hesitate in killing you if you do, you might consider looking away.  That's not cowardice, it's reality.  

It's all well and good saying they should stand up in the face of injustice,  but could you honestly say you would risk it if the price you have to pay is disembowelment?
&gt; unless you create a TV show there called "Afghani Idol"

they did:

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/south_asia/7309029.stm
I do believe you are trying to point out the horrible generalizing stereotypes by using another generalizing stereotype.

Good job.
Alright good idea. So then when one of them is killed. We have another war on our hands.
Thank you.
But Christains are a million times more evil!!
Now that is the first good idea I've read in this thread
Oh, sure, so it's the Afghani's fault that the Soviet Union decided to invade?
So you're saying that militant parties which wish to govern actually act like governments?

I can't believe I didn't see it before!
Please don't try to feed anyone that "we're all the same" relativist crap.  The American culture remains far better than the Taliban, even if the government tries daily to approach it.
Thank you for your arguments.

Throughout history almost all wars have been over Religion, Money, Land or Power. Religion causes more wrongs than rights.

Of course in my eyes it causes no rights, because its all big fairy tale, but thats just my opinion. The rest is facts.
&gt; This is what you get when you believe that God wrote a book, or picked a specific person as his mouthpiece.

No, this is what you get when you believe that a bunch of obvious non-prophets (remember, Islam preaches that after Mohamed there are no more prophets ever, at all, full stop) should be allowed to govern in the name of God.
Because you can kill an idea/culture.

Go automatedresponse.
Muhammad Halim might have hated America.  After what they did to Afghanistan, he certainly had a right to.
People are trying to enforce a social order based on what they think some god wants.  Since there is no god, it's just people coming up with crazy-assed shit and attempting to force their views on others because they are convinced that they are unassailably correct.

It doesn't matter *which* god virus it is.  People under its influence take direction *from fantasy*, instead of from cold facts about what we can observe about reality.

God virus bad.  Double plus bad.
On the one hand, the Taliban did help train the terrorists who perpetraed 9/11.

On the other hand, just roughing up the government a little bit to scare them would have worked out far better than a full-fledged "invasion" that showed the USA has no hand to play in addition to fucking up Afghanistan *again*.
&gt; or wait for someone from another country to come along and risk their life to fix your mess.

This is where you've gone wrong. You're attempting to justify your opposition to international involvement in Afghanistan by claiming it's the all Afghan's problem and no-one else's. But in fact the international community is obliged to stand up to Taliban aggression because the local population is too fetterred to save themselves. We are morally required to act just as any moral Afghans - more so, becuase we have the capability and the terrorised Afghans do not. Morality doesn't stop at a border.
Except that Islam says he preached Islam, not Christianity.  It retcons itself into the other monotheistic religions' histories.
I HAVE GOOD NEWS FOR YOU, MOHAMMED HALIM.  THERE IS, IN FACT, A GREAT SCHOOLHOUSE AFTERWARDS, AND HERE YOU CAN TEACH ANYONE WILLING TO LEARN.
Doing anything in name of any religion is bad bad bad.  I don't want people around me making decisions based on *fantasies* about the world.
Erm, show me another region in the world where Muslims compose the same % of the population as in the middle east, and you'll be able to use that arguement.
Maybe they should act, not speak.
&gt;you might consider looking away.

"I could help that person getting beaten by those thugs, but my children need me to stay alive"  --A thought that goes through many a parent's head
How so?
Indonesia. North Africa. Central Asia.
[deleted]
North Africa = erm, yeah. It's north africa. Not exactly famous for it's equality and understanding. (no offence to anyone). 

Central Asia = Russia? China?

Indonesia =  Actually, you're right. I never knew it was 80% Muslim, I always though it was arround 40%. Go figure.
I don't oppose international involvement in Afghanistan if the Afghani people want help, I'm simply saying that the Afghani people should not *expect* others to risk their lives for freedom when they themselves are unwilling.

The Afghans *do* have the power to remove the Taliban, they are simply content with Taliban rule and have no will to fight them.
[deleted]
[deleted]
we went past equal rights for women in this country a couple decades ago.  now men are disadvantaged quite significantly.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Your logic is flawed.  Let's apply it to the US.  Americans actually do have the power to remove Bush but instead chose to re-elect him and continue mayhem in Iraq, no healthcare, money to the rich, etc.  "They are simply content" with Bush rule and "have no will to fight him."

The difference: Americans can vote for someone else or speak up without the fear of disembowelment.  Afghanis can not.  Given that it's so much easier in the US than in Afghanistan to create change, it still does not happen.  Now what makes you think Afghanis don't want a better life?
&gt;North Africa = erm, yeah. It's north africa. Not exactly famous for it's equality and understanding. (no offence to anyone).

A hell of a lot better than Afghanistan, Kuwait, and Saudi Arabie, to my knowledge.

&gt;Central Asia = Russia? China?

Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Turkmenstan, etc

&gt;Indonesia = Actually, you're right. I never knew it was 80% Muslim, I always though it was arround 40%. Go figure.

You'll also find a decent amount of Muslims in Malaysia and Southern Thailand, if memory serves me right.

Indonesia holds the largest Muslim population of any country. Of course, thats not too difficult, since the Middle Eastern Muslim countries tend to have small populations anyway.
That's the thing, Afghans *had* a better life under the Taliban.  The Taliban ended corruption and improved the economy.  The only downside was their brutal enforcement of religious doctrine, but even without the Taliban, Afghanistan has been doing a pretty good job of strong-arming adherence to religious rules.
Using who's argument? What are you replying to? (Hint: Use &gt; to quote)
"... in all cases"

If you don't add that (or something else) your statement just doesn't make any sense.
Using the same logic you're using, Every single tax payer is funding the killings of innocent humans in Iraq, and funding puppies thrown off cliffs. I've donated to my mosque in Saudi Arabia that set up a charity for Afghanistan. They tell us that this money is going to poor families, hospitals, etc. I am willing to give the Imam the benefit of the doubt that he didn't know the money is funding these horrible atrocities, since the Imam himself opened an all girls school next to the mosque.

If the Saudis funded them, why has King Fahad (ruler of Saudi during the Taliban's rule over Afghanistan) opened the first all girls schools, and other things that go against Talibans laws/rules/living hell?
These guys (Taliban) make a lot of their money dealing drugs worldwide. I'm sure a lot of Muslims disagree with that. The Taliban wouldn't mind stealing money that is supposed to be for charity; just as they wouldn't mind doing these kinds of things.
It doesn't say if this is still happening today: 29 November 2006
No. The Quran doesn't tell you to stop educating Girls, quite the opposite - education is held in high regard in Islam.

It's a cultural thing that has nothing to do with Religion.
They were widely supported by the US, not Afghanistanis. The CIA and Pakistan's ISI provided 65,000 tons of U.S.-made weapons and ammunition a year to Afghans resisting the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, and the ISI assisted the process of gathering radical Muslims from around the world to fight against the Soviets. 

Once the Soviets left, those radicals became the Taliban and took over the country. The ordinary people of Afghanistan didn't have a say against a heavily armed fundamentalist militia that had already seen off the Soviet Union.
I think she's referring to our evil overlords. the neutoids, who have a reputation for not being very fair.
&gt; It's a cultural thing that has nothing to do with Religion

That's true. If Holland had been a Muslim country since the Middle Ages, the Mullahs would be smoking weed, the religious police would be gay, loud rock music would be blaring out from the Minarets, etc.
I'd like to see your shortlist of Muslim countries in which women are well treated.
without reading the story - lemme guess.  something to do with a moon god and his "prophet"?
obama is a fool, an airhead, and thick.  
iraq is where the real battle is - even al qaeda has said so.
actually, there wasnt a real invasion - we just sent some special ops in with bag fulls of money to buy off the various warlords, who in turn overthrew the taliban on our behalf.
Fucking animals...  and people are opposed to the war?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nah, I concede defeat.  ^^
They supported them because they brought peace and order to a country dominated by warlords and banditry. When further social development didn't happen, when the Taliban tried to push their conservative brand of pushtu culture on all of Afghanistan people got fed up, especially in the Northern and Western areas which are majority non-pushtu.  There were several revolts, and north easters afghanistan was always a force for the anti-Taliban alliance (what turned into the Northern Alliance).

In some places especially in the east, and south east there was active support of the Taliban, because they were pushtu areas. However, when the Taliban started to shanghai young men/boys to fight even there people got fed up with them. That combined with the fact that the promised increases in the standard of living never really materialized.

In any case, as others have pointed out, the Taliban as an armed mass movement are largely the creation of the Pakistani ISI, with the support of the CIA and the Saudis. The books Taliban by Khalidi and Ghost Wars by Coll describe and analyse the rise of the Taliban pretty well.
It's true actually. Before the Taliban swept into power the country was ruled by warlords, criminals and druglords. It wasn't safe to travel anywhere and justice was violent and arbitrary. So when the Taliban came people welcomed them because they instituted order and stability which made the lives of lots of people much much better. 

However, when the Taliban started pushing their weird mix of Islamic fundamentalism and Pushtu culture eveywhere and on everyone (as well as forcibly recruiting young boys to their armies and didn't give a shit about social welfare) lots of Afghanis were pissed off and in some areas revolted.

In short - peace and order good. Pushtu/Islamic radicalism bad.
Taliban did very litte in terms of social welfare in Afghanistan, they had a network of schools in Pakistan.

Also putting Fatah in with Hamas, Hezbollah and MB is a bit weird since Fatah is a secular nationalist organization and is not involved in providing social services to people outside their patronage.

So I agree with your comment but only as it applies to Hezbollah, Hamas and the Muslim Brotherhood.
the Taiban really didn't come on the Afghan scene until 1994. Before that they were mainly a dispora group in a network of quranic schools in western pakistan (most notably quetta and peshawar).
And you believe that basing regimes on "cold hard facts" cannot lead to all kinds of crazy shit? Like racial superiority, or ideological clarity?
[deleted]
You've gotta start somewhere, and starting from a view of reality that is based on fantasy seems a lot more unreasonable than starting from what we can consistently observe about reality.
But I am sure that you know that it was in a religious context that a lot of empiricist science was developed? There is no inherent incompatibility between science and religion. There were and are lots of religious scientists that are very rigorous.

In any case, my point was that religion or no religion we get all kinds of crazee stuff going on anyway. E.g. racism was supposedly based on the cold hard facts of scientists measuring the heads of various people.
OK. When your little abiogenesis test-tube experiment works, I'll listen (and all my money is on "it won't"). In the meantime, I will consider that there is something deeply mysterious about the force of life, and I'm going to associate this God concept with that. Maybe or maybe not all tied up with this concept of Spirit, since whatever this Spirit stuff is made of, it too probably has a source. This Music thing is pretty strange, too, as it doesn't seem to have an evolutionary purpose... I'll toss that in the bag, too, for the time being.

Meanwhile, the people who attribute falsehoods to this God concept and use it as an excuse to commit "evil" acts... I will consider evil themselves.

Judge a person's acts... Not what they happen to believe in. Science, too, is a faith- A belief that eventually, 100% of everything will be explainable (I should perhaps add, "explainable in terms of what is already understood"). This has yet to be proven... (but maybe, at that point, "science" and "religion" will actually merge, as there can be only one truth...)
Incidentally, despite my previous reply I am fully with you on the "we should start with what we know, not what we fantasize". I know that many more people have been killed in the name of religion than in the name of science. I just think that there is still a bit of genuine mystery about the whole thing, and to assume that everything in existence will be ultimately explainable by the concepts we understand *right now* seems a bit presumptuous.
Western men die some five years earlier than women. They suffer more from nearly every medical disease and ailment that there is. And yet, far more money is spent by governments on women's health than on men's health. Men are also nowadays educationally disadvantaged significantly compared to women; with the curriculum, the teaching methods and the resources being designed to cater far more for women and girls than for men and boys. Men make up 80% of the homeless. There are more of them in social service care-homes as boys. They are many times more likely to be wrongfully arrested, wrongfully imprisoned, mugged, assaulted or murdered. They are 5 times more likely to lose their children when families break down, 4 times more likely to lose their homes, 4 times more likely to commit suicide, 20 times more likely to be killed or injured at work, 20 times more likely to be imprisoned, and, probably, more than 100 times more likely to be demeaned, denigrated and ridiculed by the mainstream media. Men also pay much more in taxes than women but receive far less in benefits from the government.

In other words, when compared to women, men are significantly disadvantaged when it comes to their health, their lifespans, their homes, their children, their education, their families, the tax burden, the law, the benefit system, and even when it comes to their own personal safety.

They are nowadays also being heavily discriminated against in the work place.

Summary:
Afghanistan is as Afghanistan does.
&gt; Afghanistan is as Afghanistan does.
The Taliban were popular with the Afghan people.
The Taliban is what happens when good men do nothing.
That's the thing, Afghans *had* a better life under the Taliban.
It's a cultural thing that has nothing to do with Religion.
If Afghans were to vote for the Taliban, then I would blame them.
&gt; It's a cultural thing that has nothing to do with Religion

That's true.
&gt; I didn't say they're widely supported.
I didn't say they're widely supported.
If most Afghans do not support the Taliban, I cannot blame the Taliban on most Afghans.
I didn't forget at all.
It's a whole lot better than what we had before.
&gt; .. Afghani people said "well, this isn't so bad.
I will consider evil themselves.
The Taliban are neither crazies nor a cult.
It's not my problem that Islam doesn't have one.
Of course most Muslims don't support disemboweling people who teach girls to read.
That's true, but at some point in time you can't simply just blame the Taliban for every fucked up thing that happens in Afghanistan.
I believe that they were supported by powerful people not only due to their religion but also for strategic reasons.
Afghanistan has been through a lot of shit over the past few decades, and when the Taliban came to power the Afghani people said "well, this isn't so bad.
In fact, didn't the Taliban have a few American members as well?
&gt; The Afghan people, with their quiet acceptance of Taliban beliefs and behavior, should carry some of the blame as well.
This is not part of Afghani culture.
The people who gave their money to the Taliban were happy to support a traditional theocratic muslim government.
that's because they don't actually give a crap about women.
So then when one of them is killed.
I can't believe I didn't see it before!
Much of the money came from Saudi Arabia, but also from muslims world wide.
I know that many more people have been killed in the name of religion than in the name of science.
And it's all done in the name of religion.
They don't have time or energy or will to look at some women god knows where.
&gt; We would have crushed the Taliban by now

Russians thought so too.
I certainly do agree that bad things are done in the name of all religions.
The Afghan people, with their complacent acceptance of Taliban beliefs and behavior, should carry some of the blame as well.
And the Taliban is a cult of crazies composed of people of many origins.
&gt; I don't care if these guys were behind 9/11 or not.
Absolutely, we need more people like him in the world.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.30
