Original Response:
Hmm, if I could buy 1/4 mile square for lets say $5k, I'd do it.
Shh, Amazon.com is just itching to buy it and change the name to the Amazon.com jungle.
&gt;Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva yesterday stated that "the Brazilian Amazon has an owner, and that owner is the Brazilian people".

Mr. Inacio should watch more X-Files... nature's gonna get him. It don't belong to no one.
I prefer Free Tibet.
He then proceded to light a fire to burn down another 100,000 acres to produce farmland usable for 5 years.
A story about the swedish buying brazilian rainforests in an Australian newspaper written in English.

Now THAT is globalization.
*Johan Eliasch, the 46-year-old boss of the Head sports equipment company, is under investigation by Brazilian police and intelligence services for the alleged comments and for 160,000 hectares of Amazon forest he is believed to have bought, the newspaper O Globo reported on Monday.*

What kind of investigation does this merit, exactly?

*Watch out!  He made a comment!  He need to get to the bottom of whether or not he made that comment!*
I got fiiiiive on it
"For as little as £70 you can protect a whole acre. This locks in 260 tonnes of global warming CO2"

[Click here for more info](http://www.coolearth.org/273/coolearth-31/get-involved-149/a-million-little-acres-303.html)
[deleted]
First! I just sent $15 to Amazon.com.
I tell you those humans are a scary breed..
This is the solution to the Amazon Rain Forest problem. Brazil has no incentive to conserve it. They are a rather poor country and would rather cut it down for farm land. However, the forest is worth much more to the rest of the world than it is to Brazil. There is obviously potential for a mutually beneficial exchange in there.
I got $5 on it!!!
cheapskate.
you don't know what you're talking about, don't you?
And now I'm going to use it in the US to line the birdcage of my bird...from the Amazon.
cheaper if you buy used.
Ive graciously just volunteered to spearhead the effort.
Please send all donations to 1337 Haxzzor Blvd San Jose, CA, 95129 
Thank you. WE NEED YOUR HELP!
And I am using paper specifically from trees in the Amazon and eating pink dolphin! Holy crap!
I will start the bidding at $1.
Which is much easier when you own it.
If I could buy 1/2 mile square for lets say $2500, I'd do it.  Really, I've got the money right here.
That's a bit steep how much is eBay worth in comparison?
I don't know what you're talking about, don't I?
That would be one hell of a viral campaign.  52 billion, couldn't Microsoft buy it, they could change the name to the Vista.
Here this leaf is all yours.
Please send this to my uncle in Nigeria, he will handle all the processing.
The problem is that even if you own the land how do you stop illegal tree falling??? It would take an ARMY to stop the poor farmers in Amazon areas from cutting down the trees.  Putting up a fence is not going to fix this problem. The hungry farmers are going to cut every single tree until it is all gone...just like the people of Europe did 600 years ago....just like American settlers did 250 years ago....they will cut down every tree.

In the 1700's America had 2 great forests....the Eastern States and the Western States were both covered with huge old growth trees...and Americans cut down 90% of them...most were burned rather than made into lumber or anything else. We did it to make room for farmland....just like the Amazon people are doing now...to feed their people.

Who are We to decide what the Amazonian people do with their forests? We cannot lead by example so we need to deal with the aftermath just like the rest of the world did when we cut our forests down.
[deleted]
They better update their UAC so that intruders don't come in and steal the wood, but at the same time allowing the legit users of the jungle not be disturbed with constant popups..er...warnings from the higher ranks.
A coalition of nations / companies could buy it, sure, but what guarantees are there that another Hugo Chavez doesn't become leader of Brazil and simply re-nationalizes the Amazon? You'll be out a rain-forest and $52 billion.
Maybe we should just lease it, because in 5 years we're gonna want something new.
Who currently owns it?
AND for 160,000 hectares he bought.  You can only legally buy land by the acre.
Popups in the form of deadly frogs jumping in your face with scrolling LED messages.
I want the first Walmart franchise.
Talking you what I're know, don't about?
Bambi?
It would cost WAY more than 52 Billion.
Is he willing to get a tattoo to prove his sincerity to the rainforest?
Exactly.
Shipping not included.
He has both an Apple logo and a goldenpalace.com tattoo.
Somehow I think this isn't going to go as well as buying flowers for Helen Thomas.
meh, if they want to destroy their own rain forest let them.
Well what are you waiting for?  Give me his contact info.  We've got a rainforest to save.
At $52 billion for 1.4 billion acres, that works out to 547 square meters, or a square 23.8 meters per side.

edit: Oh wait, Brazil only has 60% of the Amazon, so that's 328 sq m, or a square 18.1 meters per side.
Whatever!  I gots five on it!!!
That may SEEM like a bargain, but when you take into account shipping costs, it is not worth it.
When I was a tyke, I had a picture book about Paul Bunyan. What a hero he was, with Babe the Blue Ox, felling those trees and carting them away. Paul Bunyan felled entire forests in the time it would take a normal man to fell one tree!

Then when my daughter was a tyke, I read _Little House in the Big Woods_ to her. The horror... the horror...

Summary:
I got $5 on it!!
I don't know what you're talking about, don't I?
I got fiiiiive on it.
I gots five on it!!
This is the solution to the Amazon Rain Forest problem.
you don't know what you're talking about, don't you?
cheaper if you buy used.
You'll be out a rain-forest and $52 billion.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
