Original Response:
There's Australian politics and Australian politicians for ya.

The creep PM just reduced the payment for carers who receive pension payments for looking after invalid family members, husbands and wives whose work, and toil and taxes paid, surely entitled them to better treatment. 

He says he is not going to, "...leave them in the lurch," so what does that mean.

Similarly blind to hard evidence that 911, the impetus for war against Iraq and Afghanistan, was an inside job.

Odigo an Israel based computer firm is identified shortly after 911, as having warned as many as four thousand  Israeli’s not to go to the WTC on 911. Odigo likewise appeared to be linked to an operation that would launder some hundreds of millions of dollars, also shortly after 911, said to be profits from massive Israeli share trading.

So now PM Rudd has joined in the fun, the fate of supposed terrorists on his psychopaths non conscience, while real industrial terrorists responsible for the murders of scores of trade union people, get party pre selection, and go ahead and perpetrate even more treachery on the Australian public.

21 January 2006: Security camera footage shows a gang of thugs variously described as of Middle Eastern origin numbering about eighty strong, converge upon and batter to death a member of the Australian public on a public thoroughfare, in the Sydney suburb of Cronulla. Lebanese have since posted video on You Tube, posing with footage of the attack. No response from the police or from Government.

1 Feb 2006 …Three men of Middle Eastern origin sought re brutal and cowardly attack on lone man adjacent to Mosque in Sydney: Want to bet these are from the same gang that murdered the man in the street at Cronulla. When are there gonna be murder charges laid re the Cronulla attack. Speedy the attack leader, easily identified on the Cronulla footage as well as on earlier footage where he attacked a TV newsman outside of a court. Two fat boys at the back in the Cronulla footage they should be easy enough to identify when are they gonna be in court on murder charges. 

Up to fifteen Aboriginal teenagers batter to death Hoera Te Kooti aged 61 years on a public thoroughfare Ipswich Queensland 1995. Entire incident recorded on security camera footage. Aboriginal youths going thru the dead or dying man's pockets. One charged none convicted. 

Katherine Schweitzer was a Hungarian Jew, the only member of her family to survive The Holocaust, last seen alive in Sydney 22 December 2006. 

On 30 November 2006 her account of her arrest and internment in Auschwitz, went world wide on a union email I distributed to around five thousand e addresses. Her family was arrested in 1944 by a Jew who took up residence on the same street in Sydney.

December 28 2006: Her body was found in a wheelie bin inside her high security apartment… We say she was murdered by Jew elements in reprisal for telling the truth, to warn any other Jews who want the truth to come out just what the consequences will be.

Fritz-Harry Cremer could be a Mossad agent, and perhaps he talked his way into her apartment and murdered her. 

If Rudd were true, this matter would be investigated, here we are seeking to have the New South Wales Government declare there is enough reason to hold an inquest into her death.

The P&amp;D's Union will be represented and we will be calling PM Rudd as a witness, he will have to bring his Parliamentary email records with him, since he was one of the recipients of the union email that went out 30 November 2006, with her story in it. 

So he is a material witness in the matter of her murder, as well as being involved with kidnap and surely torture, and likely murder re the rendition flights.

Rudd is complicit in the coverup of the murder of trade unionists, killed in Brisbane, so that a Drydock in his electorate would be deunionised.
http://www.dockersunion.com
I agree with some elements of you diatribe however Rudd and Howard == Two separate people, two separate PMs.  Rudd's parliament has only been in place for mere weeks.

Now, I'm not saying that I'm happy with the way things are going, but you can't blame him for stuff that went down while Little John was at the helm.
I made no mention of John Howard above, and for all his wickedness did not remove the carers money. 

He like Rudd, is actively complicit in the murder and mayhem that accompanied the deregistration of the P&amp;D's Union in 1993.

Murder of trade unionists is a matter for all Australians, for the fact that I have been bombarding politics for sixteen years with the data re the murders, and the scabbing and thuggery, both on the docks and at the Builders Laborers Federation, which similarly refused to take up the matter of murdered dockers, only reinforces that operation as scab. 

And the dogs at the Australian Workers Union, who put scab Mouris onto the job in Gove.
Like I said, I'm not happy with how things are shaping up, I'm disgusted with the idea of taking away the carers bonus.

However, Little John pioneered the kick'em while they're down position, I've been a single parent so I know, it ain't all candy and roses trying to find a job while competing with thousands of other single parents, all after that one job during school hours.  

I have a good friend who's partner is on a low income with health problems, She has been told she needs to go get a job or lose her parenting payment despite the fact that she has 3 children with disabilities too minor for her to get carers allowance, despite the fact that she has at least half a dozen doctors appointments a fortnight between them.

The never-ever GST, AWAs, exploitable temporary workers visas, children overboard ... John Howard's Australia was not a good place.
You are pissin' into the wind, JH is ancient history, and for the fact that no one at all from anywhere in politics ever stood with us on the Docks, simply tars them with the same brush of murder, scabbing and thuggery.
Channel 7 actually does something resembling decent journalism.  Who'd have thought?

Genuinely disturbing allegations however, which warrant and independent inquiry.  Given that Rudd has set up in excess of 40 inquiries since he took office thsi should be no problem.
'...Channel 7 actually does something resembling decent journalism."

Not in relation to any of this or K Schweitzer they don't.

Man aged sixty two years reported missing, last seen riding high performance motor bike in the Brisbane suburb of Hemmant, 1998 or so.

Hemmant, is a heavily industrialized precinct on the south eastern outskirts of Brisbane, one Saturday afternoon driving on Lytton Road on a notoriously fast section, I change lanes to go around a high performance motor bike going at just two K’s over the 60kph speed limit. When I go round him I take a look at who would be taking it so easy on such a powerful machine and see it is an old guy. 

He was last sighted at the lights at the Hemmant &amp; Tingalpa Road turn off, about two K’s from where I had gone round him on Lytton Road, according to the news.

Maybe there is a motor bike chop shop down Hemmant and he was lured down there, then murdered for the bike which was chopped and sold. Check police involvement with stolen car rackets, see Operation Trident in Queensland, then go to the police holding yard in Buranda for a hoppy legged baldie, and ask what he knows. 

Sure Hemmant is in PM Rudd’s electorate.

July 2000 Coles supermarket New Farm, I am on the checkout line one evening early in the week, the supermarket is busy and there is a guy in his twenties, red hair and looks a bit lost, uncertain whether he is in an adjacent checkout line or waiting aloof from the line. His clothes are a tad worn, footy shorts and sneakers, T shirt and a light jacket. The line I am in runs parallel to him, he shuffles forward, open faced and vulnerable. He is with a fellow wearing fairly up market gym clothes who sees me looking and glares.

A couple days later Steven Goldsmith is reported missing from his New Farm flat by a flatmate who has not seen him for several days. His photo appears in the newspapers and on TV, he was the young ginger haired man who was in the supermarket. The person with him is a regular patron of Fitzone Gym in the Valley.

UPDATE: 14 December 2006, I give Constables Michael Franks and Georgie Pierce of the Queensland Police, a print copy of the above statement re the sighting of Steven Goldsmith. 

I tell Franks that it is possible the person who was with Steven is a policeman, I had called the police after receiving threatening calls from Brisbane numbers 38352601 &amp; 0414139193, I tell them that threats are in response to the email campaign I am currently undertaking and show them the latest copy. 

Officer Pierce became fascinated by the address panel on the email and demanded I print her a copy, to my reply that I had obtained around six thousand email addresses of mostly political and news media people, from parliamentary and news sites on the internet, explaining the concept of distribution lists made via Microsoft Outlook and the futility of such a purpose, she said she wanted it printed none the less, re Steven Goldsmith she said nothing at all. 

I reminded both officers of the seriousness of the matter, Franks said he would pass the statement on, I replied that if Detective Kajewski is to be involved we would be wasting time since Kajewski is corrupt re the 1975 murder of union member John Wlodarczyk, and has been since 1992, I told him then that Kay Chambers was a witness to the murder of Wlodarczyk and her life was in danger.

Pierce was aggressive and demanded I describe Kajewski, Franks said he knew of no Gym in the Fortitude Valley area, and neither seemed interested in obtaining a description of the man I had seen with Steven Goldsmith.

Chambers was released from prison in Brisbane in late 1996 and shortly thereafter found dead on the street in Sydney’s CBD, officially from a suicidal leap from a high building. She was being held after having been extradited from Sydney in 1994 charged with Wlodarczyk’s murder. I had also told Kajewski that P&amp;D Union member Merv Collins’ life was in danger, he was getting the blame for killing the wrong man after Xenophon Zervos was shot down in the driveway of his home in March 1986.

The intended victim was policeman Detective Salvatore Di Carlo, according to the testimony of another policeman Officer Butler, in evidence he had given evidence at police corruption hearings in 1988. Di Carlo was lately a Barrister employed at the Department of Public Prosecutions. Merv never lived past ’94. 

We will be staying on these stories, including an update of the December 8 2003 disappearance of  Daniel Morecombe from near his home north of Brisbane, his father appeared on TV on the third anniversary of his disappearance, and stated that a reference from an unnamed source led him to believe that a reference to ‘Christmas Cake’ referred to his son.

Summary:
When are there gonna be murder charges laid re the Cronulla attack.
Sure Hemmant is in PM Rudd’s electorate.
Rudd is complicit in the coverup of the murder of trade unionists, killed in Brisbane, so that a Drydock in his electorate would be deunionised.
Man aged sixty two years reported missing, last seen riding high performance motor bike in the Brisbane suburb of Hemmant, 1998 or so.
Two fat boys at the back in the Cronulla footage they should be easy enough to identify when are they gonna be in court on murder charges.
UPDATE: 14 December 2006, I give Constables Michael Franks and Georgie Pierce of the Queensland Police, a print copy of the above statement re the sighting of Steven Goldsmith.
He like Rudd, is actively complicit in the murder and mayhem that accompanied the deregistration of the P&amp;D's Union in 1993.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
