Original Response:
I can see how Americans would be outraged: they didn't even bother to torture them first!
ITT: A Chinese-American tries to draw attention from the embaressment of the fact that the Chinese government actually shoots people so desperate to leave the country that they are willing to cross the Himalayas to reach a basket-case like India, which they still find an improvement on Chinese-occupied Tibet.
What? Not Israeli soldiers? Booorriiiing.
A racist chinese american. Intellectual is a total asshole.
And he complains about white people all fucking day.
Some candy tastes like shit.  So goes samsara.
What the heck, I submitted this same video 3 weeks ago and didn't get one upvote.

[link to submission](http://reddit.com/info/6epdq/comments/)
Well sir, you could obviously learn a tip or two from Mr. JewishPropaganda here. Your video was proclaimed as a fake by the expert analysis of miborovsky. JP managed to nullify out doubts by tagging it as "Real Video Footage". 

Looks like somebody needs to brush up on his redditology!
Seriously. It's really annoying.
It's good to know my efforts aren't going wasted.
In other news, Americans bomb and kill millions of people in wars of aggression around the world.

Ho hum.
Would it break your heart if I told you I wasn't a white guy?
This is an old video, don't think this is fake. Even MSNBC covered the incident. 
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/15390844/
Yeah, I would be devastated.
Actually, I wasn't arguing that the video was fake. I was mostly playing with only comment Kron received for posting the same video, which claimed it was. 

I guess I was making a joke out of the differing headlines, but it's not as funny to me anymore.
Why is this on a site called 'spikedhumor.com'? What's next, the lolocaust?
Hmm, stupid FAKE

Please THINK over before comment.

http://www.anti-cnn.com/forum/en/thread-1338-1-1.html
that's the reddit mafia
It's good points to be made.
Say what you will about America, at least our problem is with too many people trying to get in.
You're talking about those Finnish black licorice thingies, aren't you?
I see absolutely nothing conclusive on this video.  Anyone have a link to a site with some backstory and verification.  

I'm seeing a guy stumble in the snow, with no indication of him being shot.  Who is he?  Who are the witnesses and other members of the convoy?  And why are they fleeing?
&gt;Contradiction 1:
the video claims that camera is 1km away from tibetan, the shooter is even further than the tibetan.
since sound travels 350 meters a second in freezing condition, more than 1 km takes more than 3 seconds to reach the camera
if there is a shot, you will first see the dude fell down, and atleast 2-3 seconds later, you hear gunshot. 
this is sometime refered as "thud and flash" or other variant in military terms, means you see the muzzle flash first, then you hear the shot.

I am a little disturbed that people are taking the video at face value without any natural skepticism, but not willing to dismiss it out of hand.  Anyone have a comment for the critique I quoted?
You bastard, I came here to post my outrage and you made me laugh!
Amen.

This shit is so sad.  But that was so funny.  He's right, though - I'm confused about why they're hosting this.
http://www.lolocaust.org/
Who is voting against that?
Because I'm making a pro America comment.

I mean, don't get me wrong, our foreign policy IS FUCKED beyond FUCKED. And even our domestic policy is pretty fucked.

But I still spoke a true statement.
Because sins against your neighbor is worse than sins against yourself.
lol that site is funny.

contradiction 1: 

-Video makes no claims to how far the shooter is.

-Sniper bullets travel usually from 800m to 1000m per second.

-We have no idea where the sniper is and he could most likely be the same distance away from the Tibetan to the camera man. In that case you would not hear much of a delay.

-Sound originates from the gun not the tibetan falling over. Sound travels nearly twice as fast as a sniper bullet meaning you would actually hear the sound first before the tibetan falling assuming equal distances between the sniper, tibetan and cameraman.

Why? Because sound isn't killing him its the bullet. The bullet needs to hit its target first.


contradiction 4: Thats not a man its just a black dot.
Is there a law saying humor sites can't change it up a bit and host other shit? Fill me in, please.
Hah, ignore the fucking idiots down there. I agree with you.
- The video is Romanian
- China admitted to killing one Tibetan that day, but in "self defense"
- The American Ambassador protested the incident
- the US media did not carry it

Here is the background story from the International Herald Tribune:
http://www.iht.com/articles/2006/10/15/news/tibet.php

Here is a better video link for you guys: http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=ac8_1205852521

When this video came out I submitted it to drudgereport, the next day what did Drudge put online instead? Some stupid shit about Britney Spears.
IIRC, the video originally surfaced on some Everest/climbing related sites. e.g. http://www.extremesports365.com/news/story_102250.shtml
Israel kills many times more civilians in their occupation. Why is Tibet the current center of attention? Are Tibetan lives worth more than Palestinian?
Israel killed over 75 million innocent civilians like the Chinese government did? News to me.
contradiction 5: 
-The three chinese soldiers are not standing over a dead man at 1:58. He is simply resting from the long journey
In other news, the Chinese government is #1 in history in terms of numbers of innocent civilian killed, numbering over a whopping 75 million.
Ho hum.
does it matter? Would you be happy if it was hosted on a site called spikedbrutalkillingvideos.com?
Illegal bordering crossing is a crime in China and Nepal.  The shooter could've been from Nepal or China.  These border crossings involve illegal activities including the smuggling people into India for Pilgrimage to see the Lama.  When they get to India they are deemed refugees that the Lama uses to raise support for his schemes.  But what people don't realize is that these Pilgrims returns to Tibet after 1 or 2 years.  Why? Because Dharmala is a slum, Tibet-China is more developed. The Lama kept it that way to gain sympathy from his donors.
[deleted]
hmmm, the current population of Tibet is less than 6 million. So you're claiming that the population used to be 81 million before China took over... nice try, but I'm not buying it.
If you're referring to deaths during the Great Leap Forwards and Cultural Revolution, I don't think it's a very good comparison.

During the Great Leap Forwards the vast majority of deaths were due to mismanagement of the economy, which is still defintitely the government's fault, but very different to deliberate acts of genocide.

During the Cultural Revoltuion, most deaths were at the hands of the Red Guards, who were definitely not under the control of the government. Again, this is no excuse for being complicit in so many deaths, but it's a very different situation to what's going on in Palestine.

Just my thoughts.
I think you have to take the corroborating testimony of the Western climbers pretty seriously.
The difference is that the Chinese don't have a squadron of flying attack monkeys ready to swoop down and accuse critics of the PRC of being sinophobic.
Yes.  I've got a membership there.
I quite enjoy a good sin against myself of an evening.
Actually, they do. There was a ton of Chinese drones using their freedom of speech to advocate the continued cultural genocide on SfGate.com when the torch went through SF.
Read "The Israel Lobby and US Foreign Policy".

Its written by 2 professors from Harvard and University of Chicago.

NYT Best Seller
Amazon Best Seller
USA Today Best Seller
...
list goes on.
Should have seen the result after a 2000 pounder was dropped in somarlia yesterday by an American jet! -
mismanagement of the economy results in loss of money and jobs not dead people. Try again.
Yeah I got a billion books to read, I don't have the time to, I"m too busy doing BS work for school.(And I'm a poli sci major too!)

Anyways, I don't trust the pro-israel,Jew Run media. [Check out this paper](http://www.haaretz.com/) Shameful, in it's openess.
I don't see them over here, though.
Are you saying that the famine in 1958-61 was the result of environmental conditions? Or that it was a deliberate plot by the Chinese government to kill over 20 million of their own people through starvation? I think if you rule out poor management of the economy those are the only two options you're left with.

The Chinese government used to claim that the famine was entirely due to natural disasters, but since the 80s they've admitted that by their estimation mismanagement of the economy was 65% responsible for the deaths.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Chinese_Famine
Oh yeah, the kind that basketball player likes.
That's like bringing in the number of deaths suffered in the US during the Great Depression in the 30's.  Millions died of poor health, polio, starvation, in infancy, etc.  Deaths due to starvation and sickness caused by poor administration is not quite the same as executions.
That famine was a result of environmental conditions. You can blame economic mismanagement but in the end all it did was exasperate the effects not cause them.
Fair enough, but I'd still say that if the government had been more competent in it's handling of the environmental conditions it would have been able to avoid famine all together in most regions. Maybe I should have said 'mismanagement of response to natural disasters and of the economy'.

Regardless, my point was that it was that the deaths during the great leap forward were accidental, not perpetrated by the government. Also I think you mean 'exacerbate.'
They're synonyms.
http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/exasperate
Saw them plenty in Seoul.

Summary:
I don't see them over here, though.
Israel killed over 75 million innocent civilians like the Chinese government did?
Yeah, I would be devastated.
Actually, I wasn't arguing that the video was fake.
This is an old video, don't think this is fake.
That famine was a result of environmental conditions.
I can see how Americans would be outraged: they didn't even bother to torture them first!
contradiction 1: 

-Video makes no claims to how far the shooter is.
If you're referring to deaths during the Great Leap Forwards and Cultural Revolution, I don't think it's a very good comparison.
I quite enjoy a good sin against myself of an evening.
Because sound isn't killing him its the bullet.
Also I think you mean 'exacerbate.'
Or that it was a deliberate plot by the Chinese government to kill over 20 million of their own people through starvation?
I see absolutely nothing conclusive on this video.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
