Original Response:
The United States needs China more than any other "western" country, so is probably the least likely to boycott the Olympics of the G8 members. More likely, though, the opening ceremony is going to be embarrassingly short a delegation or more.
china is not communist...
Capitalist USA occupied Iraq in 2003 ,600,000 dead at least,  but wait lets all get ready to set up bases in Tibet!

http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=va&amp;aid=8426
That would be so hypocritical considering what we have done to Iraq. We should stand by our fellow tyrants.
[According to ABC news](http://abcnews.go.com/Video/playerIndex?id=4515190) the large US corps sponsoring the Olympics are nervous that the negative press will begin to affect them
namely.. 
GE,
Mcdonalds,
CocaCola,
Visa, Budweiser,Staples, UPS

the US gov wont do anything, they even [removed China from the list of human rights abusers](http://www.thenewstribune.com/news/nationworld/story/306721.html) (takes one to know one i guess)
[deleted]
So it's a legitmate government?
Uh contrary to whatever delusion you're using to justify an invasion and extermination of Tibetan culture, we are not the ones killing Iraqi's. They are killing each other in a civil war. 

So lets take out the "we" here because you and me are not on the same page.

Its more like you and Bush.
I get the feeling AIPAC and the Jewish lobbys are supporting China. I haven't found any conclusive proof, but I have found 2 things.

1. Jewish businesses threatened the Clinton administration if it did not change its stance. Which it eventually did in 1998.

2. Jewish politicans and figureheads were the primary driving force behind letting China "grow peacefully".
The US has gotten itself into enough trouble as it is.  An international incedent between China and the US like the US boycotting the olypics would cause an international devide, much like that which we saw during the cold war.  If the US wants to make a difference in the world, it can get rid of Guantanamo, give Americans their civil liberties back and stop wars of aggression.  A million Iraqis is several scales of magnitude larger than the small territory of Tibet's threatened population.
and I'm god.
[bollocks](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bollocks) != [bullocks](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandra_Bullock)
Well, China has been ruling Tibet since at least 1200AD (with short periods that are exception), way before America was discovered by Europe. How is the US rule over vast areas in North America (since 1700-1800s) any more legitimate? They almost exterminated the local population to the point where US Native Americans are almost non-existent. The % of Tibetans in Tibet? 96%. Tell me, shouldn't the US be the one who needs to be boycotted. Yeah go ahead and downmod without responding, you cowards. USA OUT OF NORTH AMERICA!
First of all, autonomy is not the same thing as independence. Second of all, the Communists have no obligation to uphold a treaty signed by the ROC.
Hey! The Tibetans deserve their Starbucks and McDonalds as much as the Iraqis do!

If by invasion you mean influx of capitalism and extermination of culture you mean rapidly modernizing, I'll see your bet and raise you a Trail of Tears.

Seriously though, the riots in Tibet aren't about communist totalitarianism as much as ruthless capitalism causing a racial/cultural divide.
[deleted]
"Domestically, much attention has been drawn recently to China’s persistent use of capital punishment and the execution"... sounds eerily familiar.
That's just crazy talk, US should definitely get in there and attack some area that has oil and claim it was to help the Tibetians become independent.  What are you thinking!? &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
First of, the phrase "dont shit where you eat" comes to mind.

Second of, the olympics are supposed to be about sports and not politics. its about the countries of the world coming together to compete, not about making divisive political statements. No matter how important the statement is, this is just not the forum. Is this was a trend then every olympics the contests would be spoiled because athletes would be forced to sit out of their events that they trained all their life for because of political reasons.

Im glad that there is a picture of the self righteous author wearing a TURTLENECK sweater because it gives me a chance to see just how much of a total douche the guy making these suggestions is.
That's one opinion...
[deleted]
So your excuse for committing atrocities is, well they did it too? You know both the US and China can be wrong don't you? Or are you arguing that we just allow China more time to wipe out the Tibetans so they will be in the same situation as the Native Americans? 

If Hawaiians start rioting and want to be independent of the US then they should be allowed to, just the same as Tibet. The atrocities that any nation committed in the past or at present should not be used as cover for anyone to do the same. Legitimacy is something that is ultimately granted by a mandate from the people and if they decide to deny you the authority to rule, at any time then your legitimacy is gone...as is taking place in Tibet. No one has the right to rule a people who don't want them in charge and the Tibetans are saying they don't want Chinese rule. Do you think the desires of the Chinese to keep them should be above their desire to been independent? Of course not, those who are force to live under the rule of a government that they don't recognize are slaves by definition. 

The US is in no position to boycott anyone until we get our government under control but US citizens certainly have the right to criticize China's disgusting behavior toward the Tibetan people, just as much as the actions of our own government in Iraq...and the Chinese people have the same right to do so. But telling people to be silent about a genocide, no matter who is committing it, is the definition of cowardly.
He's just saying focus on problems at home instead of abroad because it's

a) easier to effect change this way

b) doesn't paint the US as a hypocritical nation full of self-righteousness about what is right and wrong

*ah, nevermind.  This was a pretty good, indepth article.
Playing competitive sports can be OK, and enjoyable, among friends. WATCHING competitive sports is stupid, and is an entertainment for the ignorant 
(And I've watched a few Yankee games, so nobody is immune.) 
The nationalism among countries, and against people from other countries is STUPID. 
Why don't they just all get together and create mixed teams to play, with members from various countries? 

They turned sports into a big money making event for rich investors! Bastards! It is NOTHING like the sports practiced in Ancient Greece. They use the name and imagery, but it is NOTHING like that!

Should you support the Olympics? 
It is spectator sports. You will support it, wherever it is, to the extent of your ignorance! 
There are just too many people who know all the latest sports scores but who don't understand anything important about life, love, philosophy, economics, or basic decency among human beings. F--k sports! 

Go to any university, and poll the top, supposedly learned, degreed people...and you will find that there are VERY FEW among them who are heavily into SPORTS! 
Now go to a smoke-filled betting parlor (OTB), or race track, full of desperate, ignorant, creepy people. You will find many who LOVE sports and would not hesitate to physically attack you if you criticized their life choices.

Should the US boycott the Olympics? T.
here is no right answer. Who cares! It is a symbolic gesture, that does nothing.
While morons argue over sports issues, the few, the traitorous, the fascists, are taking over the world and destroying everything of value!
Oh, fuck off! You think the deaths in Iraq have nothing to do with the presence of the US military? You can bet your sweet ass that an outstanding number of violent deaths in Iraq could be directly attributed to the US military. I am sick of this care bear bullshit where people try to view us as guardians in the middle of a civil war. It's a fucking civil war that _we_ incited! And the fantasy that we're not killing hundreds of people weekly and monthly has got to go.
While China is certainly not communist today, 1950s China ostensibly was
[deleted]
Am I the only one who thought of John Titor?  Not that I particularly subscribe to that sort of thing but it's always been an interesting 'what if' situation.  Although his pictures were a disappointment.
whoa, first thing i see is a huge picture of some white guy O.o
[deleted]
Just exposing the hypocrisy. That's all. And also calling for general boycott of the US government until they pull out completely from the North American continent, where that govenment committed the worst genocide in recorded history. Who's with me?
Are you out of your mind? When was the last time you read news? We are responsible for over a million iraqi deaths and prolly roughly 2 millions indirect death. Before US invaded, atleast one could walk in streets freely. They didnt have political freedom but freedom of travelling, trading. Now they dont have any kind of freedom.
You can bet your sweet ass than after we leave that 6 figure death toll will jump to low to mid 7 figures.
"Seriously though, the riots in Tibet aren't about communist totalitarianism as much as ruthless capitalism causing a racial/cultural divide."

There is no difference between that and modern day Chinese communism.
Since when is US foreign policy based on the amount of people dying? Why didn't the US go in to Darfur and lower the death rates there?
At least the opening ceremony but we won't because Bush is pro Chinese communist because they act like he does.
7 years? lulz.


Our occupation of sovereign countries dates back to 1893 and the over throwing of Hawaii. Or 1833 when we attacked Argentina after we violated their waters. 

I'm sure there are other instances, but those are the earliest two I could think of off the top of my head. Imperialism is ingrained in  U.S. culture (Not only us though.) and has been since our countries inception.
What you mean like we're doing to Iraq, in a perhaps even more brutal way?

Let's boycott commercial sports.
If Native American tribes were uprising like the Tibetans, don't you think the U.S would be gunning them down in the streets exactly like the Chinese are doing right now?
I upmodded your comment because you make some important, interesting  points.
MAI RAGE, LETMESHOWU IT.
Well, no, civilised people everywhere should start boycotting murderous, torturing, war-creating and repressive regimes everywhere.

You know who you are.
&gt;the olympics are supposed to be about sports and not politics

qft.  punishing american athletes for chinese human rights abuses doesn't make much sense.
Boycotting the Olympics will accomplish absolutely nothing, just like the US boycott of the 1980 Moscow Olympics accompished nothing and the Soviet block counterboycott of the 1984 LA olympics accomplished nothing.

But a bunch of athletes will get their hopes dashed, wasting years of training. If you want to screw over innocent people though, by all means push for a pointless boycott.
Nearly every single government on this planet has legally recognized China in treaties (being the usual metric for legitimacy)... so, sadly, yes.

In fact, behind the rhetoric, no country has made any diplomatic or economic moves that indicate they do not recognize China's rule in Tibet. Take Canada for example, one of the loudest supporters of the Dalai Lama... we built the railroad into Lhasa that is one of the major causes of these riots.
Yeah, go tell 1.3 billion people, not to mention the huge Chinese-American community... that China is evil and see how they react. Anyone who knows anything about Chinese people should be able to see why this kind of behavior is not going to change anything, if anything, it'll just make things worse.

If you have a problem with the Olympics, don't watch it. If you have a problem with China, start checking the tags on everything you buy and make a stand that way.
You're god damn right!
&gt;It is NOTHING like the sports practiced in Ancient Greece. They use the name and imagery, but it is NOTHING like that!

the sports are different, but the concept is the same.  it allows people of any social standing to participate as equals in a sporting event.  the olympics is about allowing athletes who have perfected their skills with many years of hard training and practice show off on the world stage, and make their country proud.  it is two weeks, every two years, of good clean fun.  there is no "nationalism against other countries".  the athletes are all friends with each other.

you don't have to watch it, but don't knock it.  a little bit of national pride is a good thing, and a sporting event is a much better way than a war to let that out.  let the athletes have their fun.  it's not costing you anything.

if you want to talk about how stupid pro sports like basketball, baseball, hockey, etc are, i will totally agree with you.  but the gymnast, bobsledder, or marathon runner who lives off a few sponsor dollars and trains hard every day for years and years deserves their two weeks of fame.
i downmodded your comment because the whole point of the up arrow is so you don't need to leave a comment to merely voice your agreement.  i will downmod my own comment for similar reasons.
or more specifically, bullocks == ¬bollocks.  a bullock is a bull with no bollocks.
"Chinese communism"

China has never had communism. They have had a system similar to socialism followed by a system similar to stalinism followed by outright capitalism.
I think you're confusing "incite" with "did a bad job of preventing".  The people inciting the civil war are the extremists on either side who are blowing up each others' mosques.  All we did was cause the civil war by making it possible and profitable for them to fight.
China would probably just boycott selling America shit and ask for the debt to be paid.
Or at least since the Monroe Doctrine.
Well, okay.. so if I go into the zoo and let a bunch of wild animals out of their cages then I can just say that I didn't "incite" the ensuing calamity so much as I just "did a bad job of preventing" it?
It's a movement that I can get behind because it's as plausible as it is reasonable!
Yeah, that guy wasn't content with a thumbnail byline.

"Hey! Fabulous! I'm thinking glamour shot above the articles I write. Kay! Thanks!"
I have to say, I can't even fathom the reason you would mention John Titor in relation to the article. Am I missing something?
I've downmodded your comment in that very spirit!
"China Recognized Tibetan Autonomy in 1912"

Total BS.

Do some research: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tibet
You really think invading Sudan would lower the deathrate?
It was a Bush miscalculation. I really doubt he intentionally entered Iraq full well knowing it'd start a civil war.

China's invasion and extermination is intentional and purposeful. 

Bush's Iraq war is a retard move.
Yeah, he 'predicted', or stated, that 2004 would be the last Summer Olympics because the 2008 Olympics would be boycotted.
Boycotting the cermonies doesn't hurt the athletes only China.
Boycotting the cermonies doesn't hurt the athletes only China.
China has been ruling Tibet since 1949 not 1200 AD.

In, 1200 AD it was part of the Mongol empire. Mongol empire is not the Chinese empire. China happen to be one of the places conquered.
The fact that you have -1 and the retard above has 5 pts says everything.

The internet is overrun with Asian nerds.
I "boycott" the Olympics every time they are on.  It's the worst thing on TV at the time, especially when you consider the backstabbing politics and corrupt money that goes on in the background.
semantics.
That's not the least of it, Jewish alchemists are currently working on a method for turning the blood of Christian babies into wine.
I hate comments like yours. I enter the comments section to discuss what we can do to help.

All your comment does is point out yes the US can be viewed a tyrant. It just makes light of a serious situation and takes away our focus from the problem.

The US consists of MANY people. The people at power made the decisions, while pussies like us let them. (talk all you want, noone is doing shit) There you go, nothing else to say. Back to the original topic.
Sorry, dude, you might be right, but I'm white.

Wasn't that a quote by Goebbel's? Still, if China wants to excuse itself from it's human rights abuses because the USA has a similar history, then your little USA out of North America rant makes no sense at all.

For that matter, which people should leave the USA? Only white people. What about Italian white people? The Italian migration to the US happened later on. What about the Irish, they were oppressed by the same bunch of assholes as wiped out the Native Indians. This is gonna get complicated. Can we take our nuclear stockpile with us? Or should we hand it over?

edit: I'd also like to get rid of all black-haired white people from England...fucking Norman Invasion of 1066. And for that matter, why can't we get rid of all the blonde haired white people...GINGERs unite. The only good black or blonde haired white person, is a dead black or blonde haired white person.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I bet he is also a apply fan boy.
Bit of an unhappy comparison there between iraqi people before the US occupation and a bunch of wild animals sitting in cages.
&gt;WATCHING competitive sports is stupid, and is an entertainment for the ignorant.

I have really never understood this line of thought.  I mean, I watched a baseball game yesterday...  This makes me ignorant?  (Well, it was a pointless spring training game, so maybe it does)

All this time I was under the impression that some of the smartest people I have ever met shared my love for sports.  Thank you, WaterDragon, for coming around to inform me that we are all ignorant.  I never would have known.
Yeah, but you know that wasn't my point.
Around the same time Britain sold opium to China, Burned down the Summer palace, extorted massive amounts of silver.

In times like these, I really want to remind Anglos and their descents need to go fuck themselves.
downmod!
Israel is the 2nd largest arms supplier to China after Russia.
[deleted]
"If Hawaiians start rioting and want to be independent of the US then they should be allowed to, just the same as Tibet."

You have heard of the civil war, right?
So I take it you downmodded.  Dude, it's the internet, you are bound to find comments that offend you.  Start your own thread and see where the discussion goes.

As far as what we can do to help, it depends on what lengths you are willing to go.  Some ideas off the top of my head, in ascending order of effort.  

* Talk about it on reddit.

* Refuse to watch the summer Olympics 

* Refuse to support any NBC broadcast or publication.

* Reduce the amount of Chinese goods you purchase.

* Donate to a good cause such as [The International Campaign For Tibet](http://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.summary&amp;orgid=3883)

* Get into activism.  Join or start a meetup group.  Hand out literature at the local whatever.

* Get way into activism.  Protest outside of the Today Show.

I'm sure I'm overlooking some great ways to help the cause, and I hope some people will add to my list.  Good luck!  And let me know if you do the Today Show thing.
[deleted]
Funny how it always resorts to stereotypical smearing when you are losing the argument.
No, Olympics is an event of dream for a sportman. Their interest must be protect!
says the chinese nerd?
And Germany had a violently anti-Semitic government between 1933 and 1945, but I would reply with the same type of snarky comment to someone implying that all Germans were the cause of the world's problems.
Now replaced with the Wolfowitz Doctrine.
except during Kublai Khan's time, the Mongol empire broke into 4 peices with the Khan himself solely interested in ruling China as a Chinese emperor.
Q: When was the last time there was this much global attention focusing on human rights in China?

This increased focus brought because of the Olympics is a good thing, as will having more foreign journalists in Beijing in the space of a few weeks than have probably been here in the past decade.

A: My guess is Tienanmen. And I'll take the Olympics any day over another Tienanmen.
&gt;China has been ruling Tibet since at least 1200AD  

This statement is simplistic at best. The relationship and history between China and Tibet is a little more complex and less straightforward than both Chinese propaganda and pro-independence Tibetans (to say nothing about the various "Free Tibet" movements in the West) would have you believe.  
Consider for example the fact that Tibet (as well as Mongolia, which is independent now) owed allegiance to the Qing Emperor(s) (personally) and not to the state of China. On the other hand, there is an agreement from 1951 between the two entities that (re-)affirms Chinese sovereignty over the territory.  
p.s. I always find it funny how people point out B (in this case US deeds in NA) to - it seems - somehow justify A (Chineses behaviour in Tibet). Even if everything the US did in North America is the worst of the worst, it still says nothing about whether China's behaviour is rightful or "good", and certainly does not give that behaviour any sort of legitimation.
I'm sorry, but that was a terrible rant. I watch plenty of sports, but I'm far from ignorant. Watching sports is just a form of entertainment and has its place like any other form. You could go around ranting about how watching movies or tv or playing video games are all entertainment for the ignorant since they (generally) don't teach you much of anything important. Yes, some people take it too seriously, but that's far from everyone. Liking sports does not make you automatically ignorant. Stereotyping people based on their choice of entertainment does.
You must be a blast to hang out with.
&gt; All your comment does is point out yes the US can be viewed a tyrant.

The US **is** a tyrant and has been for one hundred years. The only people that say "can be viewed" are those who are simply not in possession of historical knowledge.

You won't find many historians who describe the US actions around the world as positive.

&gt; The US consists of MANY people. 

So does China. Therefore, as phogasmic suggests, boycotting the olympics would be the definition of hypocrisy. 

You lost your right to talk about human rights when torture was legislated *for* by your government. There is nothing that China has done in Tibet that you have not already done. The rest of the world can talk about boycotts, but the US is specifically mentioned in this article. Therefore discussion of Americas rights abuses isn't just relevant, it's mandatory. 

Maybe those "MANY people" should have used their brains in 2004. It was your last chance for redemption and you blew it. You will never have the respect of this generation.
Maybe you ought to try and get the Russians to boycott it? Then your athletes will win more medals!
Despite being interested in history for a long time, the only place I have ever seen reference to the Opium wars and the burning of temples was in China itself.

Ironic that repressive countries like China openly talk about things that are taboo in our own culture.
&gt; If you want to screw over innocent people

..get a job in the US government!!
&gt; because the whole point of the up arrow is so you don't need to leave a comment to merely voice your agreement.

WRONG and it's people like you that are ruining this site. 

The down arrow is to highlight abusive posts, spam and trolls. It's not to voice disagreement. This is not Digg.
as far as I know, communist elements were "cleaned" out of the government as soon as revolution happened both in Russia and similarly in China. A communist state would not invade another land simply because a communist state, by definition of the concept, is not imperialist. I would understand some form of low-level intervention with Tibetan religio-feudal system coming from a communist state, but an all-out invasion - no.
What you can do to help: stop participating in terrorism. That's pretty much what the OP is suggesting, but it's hard for some to get that.
People who live in glass houses.
So you'll be moving?
Scotland? There is only one nation we've been at war with, and they invaded us. Freedom (etc) (etc).
the down arrow is to recommend that other people not read that comment.  this could mean it is offtopic, irrelevant, or spammy.  you are right, the down arrow is not to voice disagreement, and i never said it was. 

the up arrow is to recommend that other people do read the comment.  this could mean you agree with the commenters ideas, or that the comment is funny or particularly insightful.
I think it's funny to watch Western Europeans wag their finger at the US and China. They also have the balls to completely ignore their own history and call the US and China imperialists. 

The US has acted on it's own int he past but during the past 100 years it's been working for  itself and it's European allies which hold the same interests. In short, everyone is a hypocrite.
Oh so you're Scottish and not British. Lol, that was a very Hillary Clinton-like dodge. Guess what I'm from NJ, we never invaded anyone either. You are either truly ignorant or being willfully ignorant to justify your irrational hatred of all things American. 

Now before you try and spin this, generally speaking I do not support the foreign policy of the US gov't. But I'm not naive enough to pretend that it's all roses and puppies elsewhere.
Because we caused this instability.  Going in was wrong and immoral.  Packing up and leaving my be great for us but it would also be wrong and immoral.
Nope, go read the site FAQ. To quote the classic phrase [sic]:

Your doing it wrong.
What evidence are you going on?
&gt; You are either truly ignorant or being willfully ignorant 

Really? This is an article about Tibetans not identifying themselves as Chinese. It's much more similar to the Scotland/Britain thing than you'd think. 

&gt; to justify your irrational hatred of all things American.

Your actions justify that alone. I used to be stupid and believe the holywood hype, and at that time I did admire the USA. Then I discovered the troubling subject of "history" and realised that the ideals you once stood for are a caricature of your actual activities.
Funny every comment I've seen from you on the topic of history has been an ignorant rant.

When you get a chance to look a little deeper into this history thing check out your own country. The British empire which still exists and carved up much of the world is far more responsible for modern troubles then than the US which has only been powerful for a short time historically.

Like I said, glass houses.
let me be the first to declare that i will not be competing in the olympics this year due to china's record on tibet.
&gt; Funny every comment I've seen from you on the topic of history has been an ignorant rant.

[citation needed]

&gt; check out your own country. The British empire

I'm not British, I'm Scottish. Blaming the Scots for the crimes of the empire is like blaming the Poles for Germany's actions in WW2. Well, they were a part of Germany, right?

&gt; The British empire which still exists and carved up much of the world is far more responsible for modern troubles then than the US which has only been powerful for a short time historically.

Click on my user name and look through my post history. About 5-10% of my posts bring up the actions of the empire. Just today I was mentioning how they burned all the temples in China during the Opium wars, something that you'll never hear mentioned in a UK school.
That's right. Good catch.
Neither of the two events are taboo. And the fact that the west does not mention any of the two events only goes to show the hypocrisies and self righteousness of the western culture.
They are essentially buying the US, they could easily sell off plenty of their assets in the U.S and screw over the U.S economy for a very long time. It probably would/will happen if the U.S stops buying shit from China because they have no money.
should the US boycott israel on the same basis
It is taboo. Discussing the ill deeds of the empire is "just not cricket". Winston Churchill won the award "Greatest Briton Ever" despite using words like "lively terror" to discuss actions to suppress the natives (in that particular case, the Kurds). Ask people about this; no one has heard of it.

Children here are not taught anything about this nasty side. If they were then people would realise that the British Empire occupied Iraq for the majority of the 20th century. With that knowledge they may come to the inconvenient conclusion that our current activities there are simply part of a long, consistent methodology.
Contact Nicholas Olczak at Fog City Journal, comrade, and debate history vs wikihistory with him;)
"I'm not British, I'm Scottish. Blaming the Scots for the crimes of the empire is like blaming the Poles for Germany's actions in WW2. Well, they were a part of Germany, right?"

Strange twist on your logic considering you like to group all Americans together.
How strange? Unless you have a reasonable number of people wanting their state to secede from the union that is. Scotland was conquered by England, despite being called an "act of union". 

The current Scottish parliament has always been against the Iraq war. It was led by an English party that doesn't get many votes up here. In contrast, both parties in the US endorsed the war, as did the voters. IIRC, dissenting voices against violence post-9/11 were labelled as traitors.
I knew when I posted that comment that it would garner a lot of 'flack' from various Redditors. But you did make some valid points (especially your acknowledgment about 'pro sports') Thanks for thinking, and not just reacting (like so many sports-idiots do.)
&gt;I have really never understood this line of thought. 

Exactly my point! 

(Sorry. This is, after all, Reddit...and we all like to mess with each other.)
&gt;Liking sports does not make you automatically ignorant.

If the above had been anything more than an obviously contentious rant, for fun and entertainment (as I 'harvest' all the comments on it), I would assert something a  little bit different.

&gt;Liking sports does not make you automatically ignorant.

Rather, being ignorant (usually) makes a person like sports! (and buy lots of lottery tickets.)
You are labeling something a 'choice' that is, more likely, an un-conscious 'reaction' and a response to external, constantly repeated suggestions from a wholly coercive commercialized 'culture.' that inevitably breeds ignorance and blind consumerism and unquestioning deference to authority figures, even to the point of idolatry.

Damn..I wish I could write in shorter sentences!
Thank You. 
And I KNOW, precisely, how to REPEL those with whom I don't want to hang out!
I'll just say that you are making pretty ridiculous assumptions and logical leaps here, but that's it. At this point you're clearly just trolling, so I'll leave you to it.
"You will never have the respect of this generation."

No, but you'll still keep buying our cheeseburgers.  See, all it would take, is for countries like yours, to stop buying American products and services.  Stop patronizing American products, to really strike a blow against the American empire.

Have you?  I'm sure you will personally claim that you have, but since you speak for "your generation" I put it to you, then, to do precisely that, and explain why the US military-industrial complex has not been brought to its knees by consumer boycotts and through democratic action via your own government?  

Because it really is all about money.  Make war unprofitable, and it won't happen, no matter how much those who confuse Hollywood with reality here want it to.

See, I make no excuses for the disappointment I feel in my fellow citizens here in the States.  But I have to seriously question whether those abroad who love to lecture us on how horrible we are have done *anything* in their outrage to blunt the excesses of the good 'ol US of A.

As for the UK, they have done a miraculous job of keeping George Bush's little bitch, Tony Blair, in power through this whole thing until recently (think Gordon Brown will take a stand against the US?  Thought not).  If *one* country has pull with the United States - if there is *one* country that both American citizens and the US government will listen to, it is the United Kingdom.  Instead, we get a guy like Blair, who seems like a nice man, but Jesus Christ, where is his backbone?  The UK is hardly some effete, subservient little backwater, especially in terms of its military.  Simply refusing to be involved - at very least, pulling out once the Downing Street memos became public, would have hastened the end of this war, and an isolation of the US internationally.

I love reading these articles about how experienced military experts in the UK raised objections time and time again about how the US was conducting itself, and, when these were ignored by the US, the UK's response was basically, "well, okay then."

The UK remains mired in Iraq playing a largely subservient role to a country which, if polls in the UK are any indication, the majority of people completely disapprove of.  This is a double shame for the UK, and if the people in the UK expect that US citizens should have stopped this hellspawn president by now, it certainly seems reasonable to ask why the fuck the UK, which has less to lose by withdrawing, is still involved?  Or do you basically say, "I'm in Scotland, you can't hold me responsible?"  If that's the case, I suppose people in many US states can't be held responsible either.  

The people of the United States have certainly turned out to be more ignorant, and possibly less principled than I ever would have theorized they were, but certain big talkers in other countries of the world, throughout this entire episode have proven:

(1) That they are more than willing to stereotype 300 million people, while on the same time pointing out defects in our own situation here, what with "racism and ignorance" that are so endemic to American (US) culture.

(2) That they are experts on the United States, its culture (or lack thereof), and make grand sweeping declaratives about a country that, having seen its diversity through travel, I, as a natural born American, can barely make accurate statements about  (New York City vs. rural Louisiana?  Seriously?).

(3) That despite talking big on the internet, they seem to be incapable, in many cases, of reigning in their own government's support for the US - and these are in countries where  the domestic political costs of withdrawing support are next to zero, since majorities in  most countries participating seem to be against the war in general.

Where are the resolutions, and the united stand in the UN?  Where's the isolation of the United States?  Or is everyone in "Scotland not Britain" too busy sitting on their asses at home typing anti-American shit on reddit to actually do anything - just like us here in the States?

Or could it be that while you're being happy slapped by chavs and can't figure out why your own country is going to shit, many of us in the United States are still trying to figure out how the fuck 60 some percent of Republicans still think Bush is doing a bang-up job?  

The US is at fault.  The US did this.  The citizens of the United States let it happen.  I take no specific issue with any allegation you make - they are factually true.  But I swear to god, the sanctimoniousness of people like you make me want to just tune you out as a hypocrite.

Like you, I oppose this war.  Like you, the degree to which I fucking *despise* torture goes way beyond intellectual objection.

And now that I've vented on you, I propose this - and you tell me how you feel:

Why don't we stop making grand sweeping statements about entire countries and form an international coalition for the following purposes:

(1) Agree that our governments tend to go completely haywire from time to time, and that it is best all of us keep an eye not only on our own governments but on other governments.  When one does something stupid, people outside the country have to pressure their own leaders to do something, whatever that is.  I say this not out of ignorance of the fact that my own government and country will be the first target of these efforts.  

(2) Give a little credit to each other that maybe, just maybe, there are individuals in all countries on this planet that share a common understanding of human values and human rights.  And that we are not our governments.

(3) Agree that typing angry shit on reddit is not a form of activism, and that activism must necessary entail sacrifice.  That means, giving up shit.  Not buying Coca Cola or McDonalds or Microsoft products.  It means looking at your investments if you have any, and divesting from companies that make war and torture possible.

See, because your posts are *not helpful*.  Your attitudes are *not helpful*.  They close minds.  So you're angry.  *Big fucking deal.*  How does this help to end war?  How does this prevent it from happening again?  All your superior tone does, should those not in agreement with you encounter it, is close minds, and ensure that a fair number of people will not only not listen to you, but to others expressing, in more productive terms, the same opinions you have.

My irritation with you, fortunately, does not change how I feel about this war, or the US's surreal advocacy of torture and police state mentality.  It does not change the fact that I am - I was going to say "substantially" or "mostly" but in fact, am *entirely* in agreement with you, however much your elitist tone irritates me.

But you are in no goddamn position to talk down to me, nor are people in any country contributing troops, supplies, or otherwise that enable this war to continue.
Yeah by SOME people.  There are anti-war protests here almost weekly.  Maybe 10% of the people I know support this war.
Very well said sir!

If the people who were too young to vote in 2000 or 2004 are somehow wiser than those older, I daresay we should be seeing their strategies at any time....annnyyy timmme noooww!  /taps foot/  and NOW!

hmmm, no one there.
Sorry if I offended you.

&gt; See, all it would take, is for countries like yours, to stop buying American products and services.

A consumer boycott would not do much IMHO. It's impossible to boycott any one nation and even if you do it's effects aren't directly observed. Coca Cola and McDs are easy, but how do you boycott medicine? The arms trade? Oil trade? I'd imagine they would be more relevant to the US economy.

&gt; Make war unprofitable, and it won't happen, no matter how much those who confuse Hollywood with reality here want it to.

Wholeheartedly agree. But I'm not so sure if it's a viable option, it's always profitable for those in the know. Punishment of those who start war is the best way to go as far as I can see it. 

&gt; George Bush's little bitch, Tony Blair, in power through this whole thing until recently (think Gordon Brown will take a stand against the US? Thought not).

That I cannot explain despite many attempts. Tony was privy to the lies behind selling the war, as can be seen by numerous leaks in the memos you mentioned. There are several reasons why he may have wanted in:

* Oil. Between the US and UK, Iraq was occupied for most of the 20th century. It's the most important strategic asset at the moment.

* Idealogical grounds. He's very religious and despite constant denials I feel that religion played a large part in the war. 

* Blackmail, either for the UK in general, or some dirt on Tony. Both are not uncommon in diplomacy.

&gt; The UK is hardly some effete, subservient little backwater, especially in terms of its military.

Well, yes and no really. Sure, we are likely in the top five but the rest of them could hand us our butt on a plate. With out NATO and the rest of the EU we'd be struggling to even attempt anything like Iraq.

&gt; raised objections time and time again...the UK's response was basically, "well, okay then."

Likely the usual politician "we are never wrong" attitude. Responding to problems first requires admitting they are there. 

&gt; if polls in the UK are any indication, the majority of people completely disapprove of. 

Now, yes. At the time of the invasion things were not so clear. A lot of people bought the WMD-threat propaganda and the old "Saddam is in Al Qaida" myth was present. Our leaders used the same word abuse to link the two in the publics mind. 

&gt; That they are more than willing to stereotype 300 million people, while on the same time pointing out defects in our own situation here, what with "racism and ignorance" that are so endemic to American (US) culture.

I have been guilty of this in the past, yes, but not so much the whole "ignorant" thing, I regularly converse Americans that don't meet those stereotypes.

But in this topic specifically things are different as it was about an official boycott. To call that hypocritical is in no way an insult to the population that are not in a position to influence the decision. 

&gt; they seem to be incapable, in many cases, of reigning in their own government's support for the US 

Just like you, we have less and less ability to reign in bad government on a general level, not just support for the other nations. Unless you have a large donor cheque they are deaf to you. The political process has become so economically corrupt that it's not possible to function any other way. 

&gt; Agree that our governments tend to go completely haywire from time to time

Indeed. 

&gt; When one does something stupid, people outside the country have to pressure their own leaders to do something, whatever that is.

The problem is that there is no way to do that. The only solution I can propose is to increase the anger against them in the hope that it snowballs people into action. 

&gt; Give a little credit to each other that maybe, just maybe, there are individuals in all countries on this planet that share a common understanding of human values and human rights.

I already agree with that and it actually goes some way behind my posts. It is those people I appeal to, increasingly using cheap shame tactics these days.

&gt; Agree that typing angry shit on reddit is not a form of activism, and that activism must necessary entail sacrifice. That means, giving up shit.

This is where we differ. I've already suggested that I don't think boycotts work, but I would like to argue that online activism has a place.

I've been posting online for over ten years and I've been through the variety of emotions in terms of style. More and more today I think that "elegant anger" is one of the only things people respond to. IMHO you need to be "loud" while getting a coherent point across. Not that I'm saying I'm all that good at any of it! 

But, at the end of the day, if it changes opinions then it works. If it wasn't for the internet I would likely be as complacent as others in my country who have done literally nothing. This is because I would not have known about the lies and misdirection, relying just on TV/print media. Nor would have had easy access to the background information and history in the region which I think is key to understanding what is going on. 

My opinion comes from other peoples input. I tend to focus more on the discussion side of things as I feel that this is where the true value in any article lies. The first post is often "this is wrong, here's why" which, when backed up with information, is infinitely more valuable than anything any one article can provide. 

Through discussions online I would estimate that my musings have been read and played some small part in tens of thousands of other people's opinions. This is far more influence than any boycott I could join. It's more than I do turning up at any protest rally. It's more than a letter to my local politician can do. 

Opinion is the first step. 

Your points on the grating tone of my rants has been noted. I will try to tone things down in future. 

Though I will end with that I think that posting here on reddit about these subjects is increasingly a waste of time. Either everyone is 100% convincing and anyone new quickly conforms to the groupthink, or the site has become too pigeonholed as a leftist site, attracting only like-minded people.
thanks for the insight on that. once i started to really pay attention to bullshit in the MSM, it became apparent how imperfect and hypocritical western countries are. what's interesting is, the delusion extends straight up to the ruling class and politicians..they had to be 'educated' by someone once...then i found out how hard it is to really change things in these western countries, when speaking out makes you an outcast almost and ignored. amazing
KNOCK, KNOCK                                
We have reports that you have engaged in *ungoodthinkful crimespeak*. Please step outside so we can tase you, beat you, sodomize you, then do a *rendition* so that you can receive MiniLove *doubleplusgood reintegration!* It's for your own good and our own *pleasure!* Room 101 for this one!
He *unbellyfeeloldthinks!*
[deleted]
FIRST OFF, what is it about people commenting on articles without even reading them first??

If you (could?) read instead of just looking at the pictures haiduz, you might have noticed that the article isn't actually supporting a boycott of the Olympics:

"Foreign Nations and their citizens should continue to engage with the Olympics, but on their own terms."

Further you might have noticed that the article already addresses the point you make so clumsily:

"On top of this is the fact that a boycott would deny many athletes the chance to compete in a competition they have been training for their whole lives. With athletes’ peak performance being so short, and the Olympics occurring every 4 years, for many athletes this might be their only opportunity to compete."

a good reason for not using sites like redditt is because they are polluted by bilious, ill thought out comments like yours.
a wise man knows not to trust wikipedia wensheng, try looking at the Simla treaty 
http://books.google.com/books?id=3BPsOQe654IC&amp;pg=PA269&amp;dq=fall+of+qing+tibet+1912+treaty&amp;ei=olXtR_bGIqDktQPf5bShBg&amp;sig=agbQMbFp9zuBHun4Ep9LrKAAw7Q
actually, I think thats just fog city journal style and the writers don't choose, maybe because its run by a photojournalist la!
If you bothered to read the title: "Should we boycott the Beijing Olympic Games?" then you would have realized that the article is indeed about "a boycott of the Olympics". Sure the author does not outright support a boycott but tries to look at it objectively. But he is implicity bringing up the issue of a boycott as a logical course of action. Its the same thing as having an article titled "Should parents be able to beat toddlers with intent to cause physical harm when they dont listen" and the author tries to present objective agruments of pros and cons for a nonsence question. Just because you try to not take a position, doesn't mean its a stupid suggestion to begin with. Its similar to the way that oil corporations try to turn Global warming into a debate, and creationists try to turn evolution into a debate. The boycott of olympic shouldnt even be a debate, and thats the point I was making; sorry you missed it.

Thats the problem with reddit, there are some community members that cannot critically analyze articles and just take them at their face value.
Btw, I bet you wear the same turtle neck sweaters as that dude and posted your angry response on your iBook. I that is indeed the case, realize youre a tool. (if not, then you just lack critical apprehention skills, and you should work on that)

Summary:
I "boycott" the Olympics every time they are on.
The US consists of MANY people.
&gt; The US consists of MANY people.
You know both the US and China can be wrong don't you?
Its more like you and Bush.
Should the US boycott the Olympics?
The % of Tibetans in Tibet?
Liking sports does not make you automatically ignorant.
there is no "nationalism against other countries".
The problem is that there is no way to do that.
You know who you are.
Like you, I oppose this war.
The British empire

I'm not British, I'm Scottish.
So I take it you downmodded.
I hate comments like yours.
If you have a problem with the Olympics, don't watch it.
I never would have known.
And that we are not our governments.
I watch plenty of sports, but I'm far from ignorant.
Maybe 10% of the people I know support this war.
&gt; If you want to screw over innocent people

..get a job in the US government!
&gt; See, all it would take, is for countries like yours, to stop buying American products and services.
The only good black or blonde haired white person, is a dead black or blonde haired white person.
See, all it would take, is for countries like yours, to stop buying American products and services.
"Chinese communism"

China has never had communism.
The US is at fault.
The US **is** a tyrant and has been for one hundred years.
The citizens of the United States let it happen.
The rest of the world can talk about boycotts, but the US is specifically mentioned in this article.
If that's the case, I suppose people in many US states can't be held responsible either.
Punishment of those who start war is the best way to go as far as I can see it.
The boycott of olympic shouldnt even be a debate, and thats the point I was making; sorry you missed it.
No one has the right to rule a people who don't want them in charge and the Tibetans are saying they don't want Chinese rule.
The nationalism among countries, and against people from other countries is STUPID.
&gt; All your comment does is point out yes the US can be viewed a tyrant.
You have heard of the civil war, right?
Yes, some people take it too seriously, but that's far from everyone.
I upmodded your comment because you make some important, interesting  points.
That means, giving up shit.
It's a fucking civil war that _we_ incited!
The United States needs China more than any other "western" country, so is probably the least likely to boycott the Olympics of the G8 members.
then you would have realized that the article is indeed about "a boycott of the Olympics".
All your comment does is point out yes the US can be viewed a tyrant.
Well, yes and no really.
I say this not out of ignorance of the fact that my own government and country will be the first target of these efforts.
the down arrow is to recommend that other people not read that comment.
the up arrow is to recommend that other people do read the comment.
See, because your posts are *not helpful*.
Should you support the Olympics?
&gt;Liking sports does not make you automatically ignorant.
There is only one nation we've been at war with, and they invaded us.
That would be so hypocritical considering what we have done to Iraq.
Mongol empire is not the Chinese empire.
Not that I'm saying I'm all that good at any of it!
If Hawaiians start rioting and want to be independent of the US then they should be allowed to, just the same as Tibet.
"If Hawaiians start rioting and want to be independent of the US then they should be allowed to, just the same as Tibet."
The people at power made the decisions, while pussies like us let them.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.56
