Original Response:
Here is a detailed description of this situation if you don't feel like listening to the NPR story:

http://jurist.law.pitt.edu/forumy/2008/03/no-refuge-from-habeas-protecting-us.php
Thanks.
One might imagine that as American citizens, these men would be assured of their constitutional rights and provided with a day in court to contest their detentions. But it appears that the government is determined to make habeas corpus review a casualty of its efforts to fight international terrorism.

Weeee!!! sliding a little more down the slippery slope.
[deleted]
Jeeze. Glad I live in Canada.
Slide faster! Faster!
Heck of a job Bro...Mr. President.
I wish I did.
Me too, but they won't accept us.
[deleted]
Okay so here's how this all works. If you break the law while in another country, You end up getting tried and punished in that country. They don't send you back to the states for a trial and punishment. That's the reason for the saying "When in Rome do as the Romans."
http://stuffwhitepeoplelike.wordpress.com/2008/02/24/75-threatening-to-move-to-canada/
It's hard to go faster when you're dependent on gravity, bouncing on down the slide.
Except these men were arrested by the US Military who will hand them over to the Iraqi Courts so that they can be executed, even though it's more than likely that they are completely innocent.
Exactly. If the Iraqis had apprehended them, then it would have been fine for them to try them.
Hey, it's a higher standard of living than what we have here.
[deleted]
&gt;The whole "moral high ground" thing kind of goes out the window when you open a history book.

Which is why I still stand by what I've always said.  That while no one deserves to lose a loved one, America, as a nation got exactly what she deserved with 9/11.  A big slap in the face for the way she acted.  And instead of smartening up in world affairs, America became worse.  I think America as much at risk today as she's ever been.
What a super-duper sensationalized headline!
&gt;Jeeze. Glad I live in Canada.

Yeah, because the Canadian forces are acting so awesome in Afghanistan.  Get over yourself.  I'm from Canada, learn to be a bit more humble ass.

Canadian forces in Afghanistan were handing soldiers over to Afghani police to be tortured and interrogated.  The whole "well I can't torture this captive but..." bullshit doesn't fly with me and is as bad as what the US is doing.

Remember the US forces are like 100x bigger than the Canadian forces, so the chance of a big clusterfuck is 100x larger.  And let's not ever forget the Canadian slaughter in Somalia.  It's a big black mark.

And want to talk Habeas Corpus?  Look into Earnst Zundell.  While I'm no fan of his, look at how long he stood in jail without a trial.
Wait a second.  How do you know that they will be executed?  And how the hell would you possibly know that "it's more than likely that they are completely innocent"?
So, you're asking foreign courts before trying non-us-citizens?
"Although, Mr. Munaf had been convicted by the Central Criminal Court of Iraq on charges of kidnapping and was sentenced in October 2006 to death by hanging, on February 29, 2008, the Iraqi Court of Cassation affirmed Mr. Munaf’s pleas of innocence and overturned his conviction."  I think that sums it up.  The main problem with this is "But the executive branch’s position would create perverse incentives to detain American citizens under the auspices of multinational military operations as a way to circumvent judicial review."  They're just trying to fucking kill people without giving them a fair trial, which isn't in the least surprising considering Bush is an avid supporter of executing mentally ill people - http://www.theatlantic.com/doc/200307/berlow - he more than likely considers Islam to be some sort of mental disorder.
I'm a bit confused.  The gov. logic seems to be that the US has no jurisdiction here, but that doesn't make sense if this case has landed at the SCOTUS.

It's eye-opening that the government is actively seeking to *deny* US citizens their rights under the constitution.  The message is clear: they are not here to protect us.  Doesn't this really confirm what the founding fathers thought?  A free nation, it seems, really does require a constant battle between the governed and the government.  Sad that the two are so separate now -- this was supposed to be a government of the people.
now if only I could outsource my damn coding work so it'll execute correctly.
You know, if the US really were operating in Iraq like it were just another US territory it would be far worse.  The US has claimed it is simply assisting Iraqi forces, and if that's the case, they have no business subjecting criminals in Iraq to US law.  US law should have NO presence in Iraq with the exception of US embassies.  We shouldn't be applying special rights to "our" citizens in a foreign country.

Any time you go to a foreign country you need to be aware that you are giving up the protections afforded to you by the law of your own country and are subjecting yourself to the law of a foreign land.

I mean Jesus, remember that kid who went to Singapore and got caned for spray-painting?  That was funny as hell, and the little shit deserved it, but can you imagine if that happened today in Iraq?  There would be cries of "exporting torture!"
Downmodded for the use of "Bush" and "Awesome" in the same headline.
thanks Rev. Wright ;)
Voted up for the title
Hmm. seems I clicked the incorrect comment
Unless the guy at the top gives you a good hard kick to get you moving.
Truth.
This headline is terribly misleading . . . The Supreme Court is hearing arguments about it.  This isn't the direct work of George Bush whatsoever.  Furthermore, the judgment hasn't been issued, so we really don't know where the trial will be yet, much less whether or not they will be executed.

I hate Bush too, but it isn't all a giant conspiracy orchestrated by him.
First all the manufacturing jobs went to SE Asia/China, then the programming jobs went to India, now all the executioner jobs are going to Iraq.  Those are my only three job skills, what am I to do in the future when Iraqis can execute prisoners for a fraction of the cost?

Summary:
Glad I live in Canada.
And how the hell would you possibly know that "it's more than likely that they are completely innocent"?
How do you know that they will be executed?
I think that sums it up.
The message is clear: they are not here to protect us.
If the Iraqis had apprehended them, then it would have been fine for them to try them.
Yeah, because the Canadian forces are acting so awesome in Afghanistan.
It's eye-opening that the government is actively seeking to *deny* US citizens their rights under the constitution.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
