Original Response:
it's still there.
No, it is not, the title is still there but the video has been replaced with an official statement on the removal
LiveLeak felt that the lives of their staff were in danger, so they decided to remove the video. It is sad that they had to compromise their ideological position, but understandable given the circumstances.

I think they deserve a lot of credit for posting the video in the first place after Network Solutions had blocked Geert Wilders' own domain, fitnathemovie.com
*They* sure are a violent bunch aren't they?
[deleted]
Why can't we all respect other people's religion? Why must we debate whether whose god is mightier?
If you want to continue to divide races and cultures, you can still find it on youtube.

And don`t be surprised at the response. Christian and Jewish groups would be able to get those movies off the air with a top down approach by having influential people call their officers instead of the bottom up approach used here where the people called the offices.
THis is such bullshit - regardless of how you feel about the movie
This certainly proves that all the fuss about Islam being a violent religion is simply wrong.
Ok, I'm generally very much opposed to the anti-Islamic propaganda and controversy and resentment that some have been so successful in stirring up. From what I've read about this film, I'm pretty certain I would dislike its message and I had decided to pass on it. Reportedly it says in the film: "We defeated Nazism
We defeated Communism
- now it's time to stop islamism!" I cosider that inflammatory religious bigotry. With just as much justification (or more, given the historical and present body count), I could say: "We defeated Nazism
We defeated Communism
- now it's time to stop Evangelicalism!" I have Muslim friends, and an English translation of the Quran in my flat. I have often defended Islam in online discussions when others were trying to smear the religion by via misquotations and inaccurate and hypocritical and inflammatory statements.

However, there are few things I despise more than censorship. Thus: [here is one way to find the film and judge for yourself](http://thepiratebay.org/search/fitna/0/99/0). Personally, I haven't watched it yet and I'm not sure I'm all that eager to. But you don't tell me what I can or cannot see.
I'm sure it'll pop up on other sites, ad infinitum.  You can't undo it.  No way, no how.  I suppose the ones making the threats don't understand that.  They will.  In time.
If any of them were real, the debate would have been settled by now...
This isn't about "culture" or "race".  It is about religion.

Why should religion be respected?  I don't have to respect someone's choice of football team, or politics.

Why should I be forced to respect someone's imaginary friend?
[deleted]
The only freedom is the freedom you make for yourself by courage or anger. If those things are different.
And here it is on youtube: http://de.youtube.com/watch?v=bCrCsTMokTU

&gt; With just as much justification (or more, given the historical and present body count), I could say: "We defeated Nazism We defeated Communism - now it's time to stop Evangelicalism!"

Where was Evangelicalism used as justification for terror in recent history?
Iraq. Bush would never have been able to pull that one off without his staunchly supportive religious base.
I don't respect any religion that wants to kill me
AFAIK, religion was not used by the administration as motivation or even justification for the Iraq war.
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-2949546475561399959&amp;hl=en

There you go. I highly doubt that Google will remove it.
I watched the film.  It was rather disappointing, I thought: it was mostly images of Muslims being violent, inflammatory remarks made by Islamic religious leaders, and readings from the Quran.  There were also some statistics as to the growth of Islam in the Netherlands and in Europe.  It felt like a propaganda film and didn't propose any solutions.

Given how mild the reaction of the rest of the world has been, I think it's been mostly a non-event.
Really. Just as oil was never used as motivation or even justification for the Iraq war, right?

I thought I'd never say this, but: Maybe you've not watched enough Fox News.
&gt; I cosider that inflammatory religious bigotry.

To you, or to Nazis?
Some Muslims posted videos as responses where they attempted to give reasons for why they thought the fitna video was very inaccurate.

Other Muslims sent in death threats. 

Obviously, this has caused the video-making peaceful Muslims to go ignored.

Why am I stating the obvious? I thought I had a point to make. I guess I just wanted to ramble. 

Good night!
LOL. Nazis *would* probably find it offensive, too. But I'm neither a Muslim, nor a Nazi. Do you only find things offensive that directly smear and attack you? *"First they came..."*
Can someone upload it to Wikileaks? What about an anonymous Tor server?
At first I thought that movie was totally fair and straight forward, but that the ending was unnecesarily inflammatory... 

but after thinking about it for I while, I realized it's more like a form of political art....

It makes a bunch of simple and accurate statements about the tenets of Islam, accompanied by some shocking, real imagery, and then the ending, forces the viewer to become a target of the jihad, first hand, by including them in the taboo of viewing the bomber mohammed.

You could argue that it's shooting fish in a barrel, but I get a sense that the writer was intentionally limiting his criticism of Islam to what he sees, effectively, as a hostile takeover of his homeland, and the subversion and degradation of the freedoms that his country has fostered in the past.

Censorship sucks.
What we all should do is to publish a copy of the video on our blogs and sites. Making sure that it becomes the most viewed video on the net. This will teach these fuckers not to mess with the internet. The internet never forgives, remember.
Don't worry. The guy who made the movie (Wilders) wants to ban the Qur'An. so if he's *that* hostile towards freedom of speech then I bet he won't mind his movie being taken off.
[deleted]
Yea. Islam (you know, that homogenous and singular body with a mind of its own) just called. Islam's pissed.
Apparently the internet also doesn't bother to grow up.
I have just added Liveleak to the list of sites from which I block ads from.

Seeing as how I used to not hell I even clicked on their ads from time to time this decision will cost them money.
The fucking moderate followers of Islam need to start opening their fucking mouths to speak out loudly against such things.

Silence == passive acceptance.
They will remove it only if China asks them to.
Nice!  And now the creators have a new little story to add to it.
Your attitude is what terrorists count on to make their tactics effective.
[deleted]
Do you bother to excuse for the retarded actions of a few neo-nazi's? (I'm asuming you're white for a sec)
I bet you don't. Apparently very few people are so short sighted as to think that you are the same as a few neo-nazis.

And if you're a Christian then why don't you start apologizing for the actions of the Russian soldiers (usually Christians) in Chechnya who massacre civilians?
And why don't you apologize for the actions of warlords in Eastern Congo (usually Christians)?

Well? Go on. Go hold a mass rally for peace or something. You owe it to humanity because you're a Christian and another Christian did something bad.

Remember:

Silence == passive acceptance.
So the right thing to do is to oblige to their will, shut up and let them have their way against freedom of speech? I don't think so.
The right thing to do is to realize that

1: "The Internet" doesn't exist.

2: What you do on the Internet doesn't reflect in real life. If you want to have real life change then you should take real life action. Yes, move that butt.

3: The video isn't all that good, constructive, funded or even sensible. It doesn't deserve to be the most viewed video on the net.

4: The video being the most viewed one on the net won't change a thing.

5: If anything "The Internet" has an attention span of 2 minutes.
'lies' or 'truths' ; it doesn't matter to extremists.  As long as the view differs from theirs, you are a threat in their eyes ...
The true beauty of the film isn't the content: for all I know it could be all made up.

The movie is effective because of the almost "normal" reactions of Muslims (oh, look, I'm using a general term!) living in Europe, since the reactions of Muslims living in actual Muslim countries are of little interest. Now, maybe this will not happen. Maybe everything will be silent, making this a non-event.  Maybe there will be no riots and stuff like that. We'll see soon enough.

The cries for censorship, the "you MUST respect the fact thay we DEMAND that you bla bla bla", the COMPLETE ABSENCE of the often cited majority of peaceful Muslims anywhere defending the right of the movie being seen , the histerical ramblings of the Muslim community leaders  - who cease being referred as so when in a moment of truth they are caught saying "this land will be ours son enough!" and are transformed into "radicals, not representative of the community" - that make little effort in hiding that what they want is to make the protection of their "sensitivities" a matter of criminal law.. *that's* what is effective.

The movie? Pff, the content is irrelevant. In the Netherlands people end up dead for doing this though, so maybe when someone is killed people can take a deep breath and say that he had it coming. The guy is seeing his own land disappear under different vectors of attack (demographic,cultural and religious) so I can understand his frustration.


Oh, and before someone comes with the "but but but Christians also dislike movies!",do note that "The DaVinci Code" was a blockbuster and a bestseller, despite the opposition of the Catholic Church (which has every right to state her opinion BTW). Please tell me the last time a film that said something with a similar theological implication (i.e. Christ had kids with Mary Magdalene and the Church will kill whomever tries to unveil it) WAS PUBLICLY AVAILABLE in a Muslim country. Fuck, in some of them lashes are still used for anyone who isn't a Muslim, but I guess that noting that simple fact is also a crime against the "dialog of civilisations".

Fuck that. If that's the kind of party some people want to throw, I'm going to put my dick in the mashed potatoes.
actions by followers of a faith != actions in defense of a faith
how?
More like Silence == Why should we believe in the existence of moderate followers of Islam?
Apparently people don't realize that a religion such as Islam or Christianity is being practiced by hundreds upon hundreds of people in dozens of countries and you can't possibly begin to hold moderates of a religion accountable for the radicals in a religion.
[deleted]
It's same kind of hate that has been going on since crusades. During crusades christians killed so many muslims that there was knee deep blood in Jerusalem. Since, then West colonized and killed millions more. More recently US has killed millions more. Still it's the muslims who are considered violent and inconsiderate. It's all hypocrisy of West.
I think that the film doesn't even deserve a second thought. The only thing the extremists are doing is giving it more and more leverage which it doesn't deserve in the first place. That's exactly what the creator of the film was counting on.
Both Muslim and Christian documents condoned by the "moderates" advocate extremist violence.  This makes these "moderates" supportive of the extremists.

Race is not the same as religion.
There are 2 situations.

1, you listen to what the terrorists want and you make terrorism beneficial for the terrorist.  That is herminator.  He gives value to terrorist threats and attacks by altering his value system (chucking freedom of speech in favor of a little absolutely false sense of security).

2, you don't alter your value system and terrorism becomes worthless.  Terrorist threats are no more effective than bake sales.  That's the world where people like herminator and the staff of LiveLeak aren't running things.
Why do Muslims always assume that 'white' westerners are Christians? I'm 'white' and British, and I can count the number of real Christians I know (i.e. profess faith, go to church and actively practice Christian doctrine) on the fingers of one hand. 

It amazes me whenever I hear the same from British Muslims. It's almost enough to make you believe that they (i.e. Muslims who habitually refer to white, non-Muslims as 'Christians') know so little about the culture they have elected to join that they are unaware of the basic beliefs of the majority of people around them.
Seriously?  You're saying you're not going to watch 16 minutes of a film for fear it might make you dislike islam by showing all it does: just clips of newspapers and speeches by imams in the netherlands proclaiming a war on gays?

If you can't watch the propaganda, how can you dispel falsehoods?
Wait, are you being sarcastic?
Hey man, if it worked for the Tom Cruise video.
Liveleak.com is registered in Arizona...

Seriously...if an Islamic nutbag came into the US and pulled a stunt like hurting these guys, the backlash would be incredible. Half of Americans could care less if we just killed em all.
I have a friend that simultaneously a Palestinian, a foreign exchange student, a Muslim, and a supporter of secular government.  Israeli tanks flattening his father's business and the surrounding farms didn't turn him into an extremist, it just made his family impoverished, and made it take a few extra years to get his visa approved in order to get along in his education.

He might be one out of a million.  I can't think of a better reason why you can't just go attempting to implement democracy  anywhere in the world.  You have to have competing factions of idiots thinking each of the other groups is going to hell when they die, and outnumbering you on the whole.  Islam, like any religion in a region not colonized by immigrants, is monolithic.

I can't see any non-Hegelian instrument that is going to change that, except maybe education.
But you certainly can kill &amp; then spread lies. Or spread lies and to justify killing. Wish those darn Mazlem extremists had a mass conglomerate media to organize their threats &amp; fear mongering. Then I guess they wouldn't be looked at as uncivilized.
I miss Ogrish.
&gt;In 1945, Nazism was defeated in Europe.  
In 1989, communism was defeated in Europe.

&gt;Now, the islamic ideology has to be defeated.

http://i30.tinypic.com/t6thep.png

Not anti islam, just anti-holy-war (and attempts to ban gay marriage in the Netherlands), I believe.  It's like, I don't have a problem with [free zoners](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_Zone_(Scientology%29) practicing their methods, but I have a problem with the Co$ getting it's followers to take double mortgages out on their homes to level up.
I wouldn't have watched it or known it had even existed if there wasn't so much fuss.

If it is banned everywhere it will only gain more credence and more viewings. It also "seems" to prove the point that Islam and Freedom cannot exist together giving the film more weight.

It would have been better for Muslims to laugh at the film and say it was crap.
Fine sentiments.

But go and base *your* business within an hour's drive of towns like Bradford, or Burnley, or Oldham, or one of the scores of other Northern English towns (I believe that LiveLeak is based in the North of the country) with large, non-integrated, non-Westernized Islamic communities, and spout the same stuff. You too will be looking over your shoulder as you walk to your car or the bus stop after work each evening.
That's great.  I'm really happy Liveleak pulled this.  Because the video was just filled with lies and hate.  Another attempt by the Israel lover Wildeer...to "extinguish Islam" as he puts it.
Documents can be interpreted at will. Except if you believe written words superseed human free will...
His movie hasn't been taken down because LiveLeak has denied him freedom of expression, it's been taken down because some militant theists are threatening violence against LiveLeak staff.

Not exactly a matter for flippancy.
I'm not a Muslim.

I was just naming examples of how the logic applied to 1.4 billion muslims would make white Christians look like.
&gt; but that the ending was unnecesarily inflammatory...

So, it's a bad movie. Exactly how does that justify death threats?
&gt; I'm not a Muslim.

And I'm not a Christian, but my point still stands.
I say we kill one Muslim for each one that complains about stupid shit.

Oh wait, we're probably doing 100x that over in Iraq. Uhh.

This sucks. I wish the Muslims and the old white folks would just kill each other off and give the rest of us some peace.
Why not just threaten death for any story you don't like then?
Uhm.

I hate to be pedantic, but The Submitter doesn't understand what "freedom of speech" means.

Freedom of Speech is extremely important, but it's irrelevant when you're talking about issues arising between two private entities. 

This could certainly be considered censorship, but Liveleak, as a private entity, is entirely within its rights to determine what it will and won't publish. If the government was somehow involved, then the decision to remove this movie could be considered an attack on freedom of speech. It's not.

This is a huge problem we run into time and time again online where people with good intentions decide that every privately-owned service (a forum, for example) has an obligation to allow whatever speech an individual wishes to express. This is completely incorrect. Privately-owned organizations are under no obligation to allow or support anything they deem unacceptable for any reason. They're not suppressing your freedom of speech, because you are free to express your ideas on your own site, blog, forum, etc.

Are they censoring you? Absolutely. But there is a *huge* difference between censorship and suppressing freedom of speech.
Yep. Try talking about science with a Crazy Christian sometime, if you'd like to see this in action.
pussies
You're an idiot. Shouldn't you be off somewhere praying?
He has a right to his beliefs, but it doesn't mean he has a right to turn those beliefs into policy.  

Of course, I don't think he is making death threats to get his way so technically he still has moral high ground.
I've used this example before, but basically the only concrete thing the Quran says about dress is that body parts should only be exposed as necessary, and that a woman cannot be topless in front of men outside her family. The "necessary" part is of course completely relative --- a bikini would expose just what is necessary if you're trying to get a tan, for example. 

The problem isn't Islam. It's not any stupider than the other two Abrahamic religions. The problem is Muslims.
I believe in freedom of speech and expression but when it crosses over into inciting hatred it is not right. This kind of propaganda is only designed provoke and it’s doing a good job in achieving that.
Yes, I would be.

And I'd keep the video online.

They wouldn't get incentive and validation for their threats.
What the fuck, Liveleak?
Also: http://www.themoviefitna.com/
&gt;Documents can be interpreted at will.

No.  [Example:](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Deuteronomy%2025:11-12&amp;version=31;)

&gt; 11 If two men are fighting and the wife of one of them comes to rescue her husband from his assailant, and she reaches out and seizes him by his private parts, 12 you shall cut off her hand. Show her no pity.

That cannot be interpreted as "the sky is blue".  Words *mean* something, fool.

&gt;Except if you believe written words superseed human free will...

Reality supersedes will, and words are how we describe reality.
&gt; That's great. I'm really happy Liveleak pulled this. Because the video was just filled with lies and hate

That's not why LiveLeak pulled it. They pulled it because some who disliked its contents made death threats against LiveLeak staff. Threatening lives and freedom of expression in return for feeling 'offended' just appears to validate what you claim are lies. Are you unaware of this?
Why don't you do freedom of expression a favour and come and put your money where your mouth is?
&gt; I think it's been mostly a non-event.

Indeed. When other public broadcasters in the Netherlands shied away from showing the movie, the *Nederlandse Moslim Omroep* (NMO, Dutch Muslim Broadcasting) offer Wilders to broadcast the film, with an personal invitation for a debate afterwards on Islam in Europe. Wilders refused.

If that scenario had played out, nobody would have bothered to watch a 15min footage-compilation (except some Dutch wonks). Instead, everything has been done inflame passions, followed by a short-sighted reaction, and there we go... :-/
[deleted]
What the fuck are you talking about? You're making excuses for people prepared to murder because they feel offended by a film??
Bullshit. This isn't just propaganda, it's a political statement. If I made a movie showing Jews rioting in the streets of Atlanta, _that_ would be propaganda. Because Jews _aren't_ rioting in the streets of Atlanta. But Muslims _are_ rioting in streets in places like Paris. Showing a video of it is a factually accurate political statement.

If you can incite hatred of a group just by showing a factually accurate video, then it's the group that is at fault, not the author of the video!
The movie is indeed full of lies and I support the the fact that it was removed because it promotes hatred and negative stereotypes about 1.3 billion people. 

Responsibility comes before freedom of speech. You can't bash on people for the just because you think you have the right to.

Work your brains for god's sake!!!
Christian tolerance is amazing; remember not to long ago when that fuckhead James Cameron tried digging up Jesus.

What if Christians weren’t so tolerant, such as the Reformation Iconoclasm, my favorite period in history, probably the main reason why nobody really cared when they tried to dig up Jesus, except Catholics they still love to worship their idols.

Christian Protestants do not care for religious symbolism or icons of any kind, Islam is exactly the same, this is the reason they prohibit showing the image of Muhammad, and the reason you will only see text in a mosque.

http://dsc.discovery.com/news/2007/02/25/tomb_arc.html?category=archaeology&amp;guid=20070225073000

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iconoclasm#Reformation_Iconoclasm

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iconoclasm#Islamic_Iconoclasm
They should become radical moderates? Makes sense.
I agree with you on this. It's sad to see Reddit swept up in this kind of scary generalization.
and ignorance sucks way more than that. Go learn about Islam before shooting words out of your butt.
I dumped it to my site, I'll keep it there over the weekend. I converted it to swf, so it plays at normal size - http://www.iobuddha.com
&gt; Race is not the same as religion.

And "westerner" does not equal Christian!
So much energy wasted in dividing people, and none wasted in uniting. Sad, so sad.
Indeed! Death to the Monty Python blasphemers! Kill Marilyn Manson and Madonna for insulting Christianity! Murder Muslims for refusing to drink holy wine. Petition your political representative about these people who have 'offended' you and press for legislation to make them stop!
Are you chastising otakucode for not living within five minutes of crazy Muslims while exercising his rights?

Interesting logic.
&gt; the decision to remove this movie could be considered an attack on freedom of speech. It's not

It's not *LiveLeak* who are threatening freedom of expression, but the people who are making the threats. 

Isn't this obvious?
I agree..

But The Last Temptation of Christ got the fundies bitching pretty good at the time, and I think you could make a nearly identical movie to Fitna but with fundamentalist christianity.

Substitute some abortion bombing footage, some jesus camp stuff, have a picture of the Piss Christ at the end, and Bob's your uncle.

Anyway, I actually got an email from a pretty hardcore muslim fundametalist friend of mine, about the bomber mohammed thing, which I'm gonna paste here for those of you who havn't seen the more measured side of the response taken by some muslims:


"Assalam O Alaikum:
Dear Guys:
You all heard what that magazine in Denmark has published. It’s making fun of our beloved PROPHET MUHAMMAD (P.B.U.H) by drawing pictures of him and describing him as a terrorist.
Moreover they refused to apologize because they considered it a practice of freedom and
democracy. I ask you all to put your hands with other MUSLIMS and boycott the Denmark’s products. 1.6 billion Muslim could really slap the economy in Denmark.
I got very good tip for identifying the products to boycott. Every bar Coded product in the market contains its country code included in barcode digits. Please check the barcode of any product before you buy.
Check the first 3 digits from the LEFT.
Example, an Israeli product will have barcode
like: 729 3453459070
The following list is given according the priority as the worst at top and then second worst is next.
 
729 Israel
570 - 579 Denmark (i.e. 570, 571... 579)
870 - 879 w:st="on"&gt;Netherlands (i.e. 870,871... 879)
300 - 379 France
700 - 709 Norway
400 - 440 German
 
Please copy this text and forward this text to as many Muslims as
possible Via Email via SMS Via Scrap.....I ask all of u, Muslims...Cant u spare one minute in order to spread this message among Muslims ...ASAP?
REMEMBER THE PROPHET (P.B.U.H) MIGHT ASK YOU ONE DAY WHAT DID YOU DO WHEN THEY MADE FUN OF ME? HOW DID YOU DEFEND ME?????"
[deleted]
Relax home slice.

I probably know alot more than you think.
Did you read all of my first comment? I'm not so much chastising otakucode but defending LiveLeak's decision. 

I do however challenge otakucode to offer this film via a streaming server from an identifiable address with which he/she is associated, and to do so near a Muslim community similar in character to many of those found here in the UK. 

If he's prepared to do so, I'll accept his stated admirable commitment to freedom of expression, even at a very real risk to his own safety.
I am sure it says something about you that you feel that speaking out against terror and abuse makes one radical.

I just am not sure that what it says is good.
Watched the video briefly, I have to say if anyone have no knowledge of Islam in the first place, this video works great for propaganda. 

Not all Muslims are like those who are shown in this video, I have Muslims friends who are just the same like us. However, it is scary how the clerics could make a speech and the entire Mosque must agree to it.
You didn't read the rest of the comment, or I didn't make it clear enough...
The Bomber Mohammed thing had already been done before... The point was made at the time. To continually show the same image, while not actually *adding* to the discourse in the process, is just kinda tasteless, IMO, It betrays an agenda of hate, rather than healing.
&gt; Responsibility comes before freedom of speech.

No it doesn't. Freedom of speech is the bedrock on which Western civilization is built. It is a tenant more important than any of the 10 Commandments or the 5 Pillars of Islam.
Thanks for the link.. I do hope that the people that made and posted that video are alright..
You could have just said yes.
I don't have that much money to be moving all over the place.  I do freedom of expression a favor and advocate it everywhere I go though, and the terrorists threaten that they'll kill people anywhere, not just in one specific spot.

FUCK MOHAMMED

BTW, what has happened since the many-times-threatened Wikipedia didn't take down their images of Mohammed?  Oh, that's right, JACK SHIT.
That's a "measured response"? How about doing something productive and useful instead of wasting time on shit like this? People say shit about atheists and non-believers all the time all over the world. You don't see me get worked up about it.

Seriously, people who have time to pray five times a day obviously aren't working hard enough...

EDIT: Ironically enough, every country on his list except Israel was a member of the consortium that invented the GSM standard (of which SMS is a part).
Maybe you don't understand the context here, the context within which you made your comment.

It's this, someone has made a film *some* people find offensive (you know, similar to those horrendously bigoted and hateful school text books in Saudi Arabia that many Westerners find offensive), and some of those that find it offensive have threatened to kill or physically harm those who were showing the film (not those *responsible* for making it, but merely those who *show* it).

Whether the movie was good or bad, or well shot or not, or balanced, or provocative, or whatever, is irrelevant. In the UK (where LiveLeak is based) you're not allowed to physically threaten others because they have merely offended you or upset you in some way. 

This is the context here. And reviewing the film instead of focussing on the threats and intimidation is like reviewing Satanic Verses in order to ascertain whether threats to murder Salman Rushdie are more or less justified.
&gt;It felt like a propaganda film

It felt like a propaganda comment. On first sight, it looks like an objective review, but then I find you [had your mind made up](http://reddit.com/info/6d2r9/comments/c03iqm8) before it was actually released. There's a difference between you *wanting* it to be a non-event, and the millions of views and discussions on the Internet. Perhaps you should try to influence my opinion with factual arguments rather than propaganda aimed at putting it away as a non-event, because you disagree with the guy.

Whether you agree with him or not, I think the way he raised his issues and the effect it caused are every politicians wet dream, so at least he has been very effective that way (with actual help from the Dutch government, NS, and the media for keeping his story in the headlines prior to release).

I'd like to see more intelligent counter arguments. Currently, most put down the movie using just vague general terms like you or mhermans here, without providing actual counter-arguments to the content. Or, tiny details are picked out, like a photo or the place of a comma in a translation. Also without the content being discussed. Last but not least some review it as a cinematic product. Yeah.

What are the counter-arguments to the danger of a growing minority and even larger approving part of islam who want to destroy our world?

Especially the approving part worries me. When Van Gogh was murdered, I saw images on CNN of little moslim kids cheering and partying in the streets of Amsterdam. These were the kids from the non-extremists. For a moment, their masks fell off. Because for the outside, they'll act like a religion of love, yet in the meantime behind our backs, our wives are called whores and they are filled with joy when someone critical is savagely murdered.
&gt; I do freedom of expression a favor and advocate it everywhere I go though

You do? I'm sure LiveLeak will feel embarrassed in the face of your impressive devotion to freedom of expression.

As for Wikipedia, when they move their headquarters to Lancashire, then I'll be impressed.
Hilarious.
I think the point the film is trying to make, is that the 'holy' text behind the Islamic religion contains passages that can be easily used by extremists to propagate their radical vision of Islam. It's propagandist, but it's not staging anything. Radical Islam exists, and it's bloody dangerous, and it's a threat to freedom of speech.
Keep on telling yourself that there's a perfectly reasonable explanation about why it's OK to be a huge pussy and validate terrorists.  Keeping telling yourself that you're not encouraging terrorists by lighting up a big sign that says "I won't listen to you unless you make terrorist threats to me, then I'm all yours".

Those who would sacrifice liberty for safety will lose both and deserve neither.  You, sir, are who they are talking about.  You deserve neither liberty nor safety and you will lose both.
If I'd known you were this stupid I wouldn't have wasted my time responding.
Why were you downvoted?

You have anti-religion comments left and right on reddit but when you get an anti-islam post all of a sudden everyone downvotes anything anti-any-other-religion. It makes no sense.
Cowards.
Yeah, I'm tarded LULZ.  All those old guys with white hair were totally nuts and the stuff they were saying sure wasn't ever meant to be taken serious!
is this the same site that used to be called ogrish and show people dying!
Reddit is a complex mistress.

Just set your preferences to show all comments regardless of votes . . . that way you don't miss any of the good stuff.
I find your comment utterly disrespectful, please, someone, anyone, slaughter this dimitrisokolov person, and I guarantee you fine pussy in afterlife.
Was it also a sad day when 
John Mearsheimer and Stephen Walt were incarcerated?
we do not give a damn about this fitna thing unless of course you hire a PR outfit to stage some protests, or a firebrand to provoke one. Decent American people are spreading the news, facts but they are persecuted by their Bush administration. Get a life stop those lies you are fooling no one.
Yes, violent Muslims exist, and there is no excuse for it.

Unfortunately, the xenophobic nationalist assholes in America, who are now responsible for far more violence and far more deaths than any "terrorism," use the existence of some violent Muslims as an excuse.  It is their excuse for grouping all Muslims as subhumans, an excuse to vilify and attack them socially and militarily.

This movie should be propagated as widely as possible, not because of its message, but in spite of its message.
Would not have helped, same founding guy, so he would have pulled the plug as well. PS: That's Dan Klinker, also Dutch, not British like the liveleak company.
THANKS!

Although I'm sure the general attitude displayed in that video is reflected with all muslims, it is not comforting to see large groups and political leaders both foreign and domestic spewing such extreme remarks.

The only solution I see as opposed to exterminating those sorts of people is to refuse immigration for any person with Muslim beliefs. GO AHEAD! Act fucking psycho in your own country, and we'll see how your neighbors who happen to be decent muslims appreciate your hurting any chance they had of trying a life in a Western country...
I think trying to unite growing Muslim populations with established secular societies is like trying to unite the KKK with the Black Panthers.  You simply can't unite the two . . .  one or the other has to give.
In the same way that threatening to murder the author of a book is bullshit, regardless of what you feel about the content of the book.
That's. . . well, that's a decently rational reaction to have.
I was unaware their numbers were growing so fast.  The internets tell me this is true though.

Scary.
I haven't seen Starwars I-III, but reportedly they are not very good. Would you like to hear my review?
I saw star wars ep 1 in theaters, and I should see if they're selling the series in HD DVD because I have a xbox 360

woo hoo fire sales!
It also proves over 2 out of 5 reddit voters want to keep this dangerous information from my eyes. Thank you guys, censorship is the answer to everything.
 
points	         70

up votes	229

down votes	159
ok, so, mmh, but i thought we were supposed to be the "good" side? not the ones killing 1,5 billion people just because they have the same religion as the criminal asshole killing one of our buddys... x_X **fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to the dark side**
Otakucode and Herminator have both attempted to analyze scenarios for two separate worlds. The fact being that neither exist.

Otakucode is **somewhat** correct in saying that in a majority of situations - the amount of weight and importance given to a Terrorist statement is what builds the apparent Realism of the Threat itself.

However, we cannot say with certainty whether the Threat to Liveleak was Real or just propoganda with no real risk.

What people forget here is that the Electronic Medium provides a Win-Win solution here - a solution that not only does not give Terrorists a specific group of people or an organisation to target and at the same time - keeps the individuals who wish to stand up for their freedoms anonymous.

This solution is known as The Torrent.

Anonymous hosting and leeching for all practical, everyday, layman purposes.
Clearly the answer is to simply outlaw all religion. It causes nothing but trouble and its time has clearly passed.
Freedom of speech is wonderful, but is freedom to breed hatred?

If memory serves me correct, denying the holocaust is a crime in many countries. So is racism. So is gender discrimination. If you allow free speech without boundaries you have to allow it across the board. Its not very high and mighty to allow defamation of religion, yet censor racism.Aren't religion bashing and race bashing almost the same thing?

Also, I wonder if theres a difference between saying "X is black, X hates us, X wants to kills us, X has killed many like us, X will be killed if he doesn't kill us, X has no mind of his own, X is worthless" and outrightly saying "hate X, kill X". The difference is opportunity. If Hitler hadn't had the opportunity, he would have been 'harmlessly' making anti semitic films which under your reasoning would be totally fine!
I already have it set for that. If I didn't I'd have tunnel vision.

And I would miss some admittedly funny comments from you.
If I ruled the world, religions would be illegal and we'd already be traveling in and out of the solar system.

However, oil companies and bankers seem to be doing so. It's convenient to have crazy extremist blowing up every now and then in the middle east, it's good for oil prices to have instability in the region.
This comment was made possible by old white folks.
you're right.
i don't really get the point why exactly our media is covering this bullshit...it's propaganda from a dutch rightwing and the whole world cares about the crap just because we think the muslims might be insulted....i don't get it. i had pork today (good ol' schnitzel, if you know what i mean), it was tasty and then i said something like: "i don't think there is only one god and his prophet...oh yeah, and religion is bullshit!"...*SOMEONE CALL THE NEWS!!!!!!!THIS GUY JUST SAID SOMETHING THAT MIGHT GET SOME MUSLIMS RIOTING!! GREAT BLOODY PICS AT 8 O'CLOCK!!!!*   i just don't get it. and it makes me a little bit sad
The nice thing about the Internet is, once it's out there, it will never disappear -- providing that there are enough interested parties.

It's already on YouTube, for example: http://youtube.com/watch?v=bCrCsTMokTU

I think these types of events will probably just draw more attention to it.
He was downvoted because EVERY FUCKING TIME islam is brought up, some PC assface comes running in to scream about christians and jews, as if there are a shortage of jew and christian bashing threads on reddit.
fuck off
Deep down, most people accept that the "moderates" are a minority.
How to beat terrorism.

"You see, this method has a way of disarming the opponent. It exposes his moral defenses. It weakens his morale, and at the same time it works on his conscience, and he just doesn’t know what to do. If he doesn’t beat you, wonderful. If he beats you, you develop the quiet courage of accepting blows without retaliating. If he doesn’t put you in jail, wonderful. Nobody with any sense likes to go to jail. But if he puts you in jail, you go in that jail and transform it from a dungeon of shame to a haven of freedom and human dignity. And even if he tries to kill you, (He can’t kill you) you’ll develop the inner conviction that there are some things so dear, some things so precious, some things so eternally true, that they are worth dying for. (Yes) And I submit to you that if a man has not discovered something that he will die for, he isn’t fit to live."

-MLK, 23 June 1963
Know what this does? It reinforces to these fucking barbarians that their threats and bullying...WORK.
Aww, thanks. That's sweet :)
Hey, there's nothing wrong with injecting some balance into what often becomes a anti-islam frothing at the mouth festival of idiots on reddit.

ARE YOU READY TO UNLEASH THE FURY??!!
Obviously I don't mean all the old white folks, or all the Muslims. Just the ring-leaders (Cheney, Osama) and their enablers (conservatives on both sides).
&gt;it was removed because it promotes hatred and negative stereotypes about 1.3 billion people.

It wasn't removed because of that. It was removed because a credible threat to cause bodily harm was issued to the staff of this website. This is not something to be applauded. 

&gt;Responsibility comes before freedom of speech.

Then you don't really understand the concept of freedom of speech. 

And even if that were true, you'd still have to make a case why the beliefs of Islam should be above criticism, and the beliefs of, say, Scientology shouldn't. If you cut Islam a break, you'd have to cut them all a break. It'll be a sad day in this world when you'll no longer be able to say Scientology is a fucked up cult.
Awwwkwaard...
This video is propaganda and I will agree it may be factually accurate which makes it very effective propaganda but propaganda nonetheless. This video may have just been made as a political statement to help provoke discussion on the subject but i believe it has gone further than that.
Why? Go inject some "balance" into a christian or jew thread and see how well your balance is accepted via voting.

Don't get me wrong, I hate religion. But nothing makes me more disgusted at the political correctness that surrounds islam.
You think I'm a PC assface because I pointed out the similarities between Islamic extremists and Christian extremists?

An extremist is an extremist, regardless of whatever they're extreme about. That was my point.
It's okay, our comments are cascaded behind a comment with a negative rating.  In time we will be able to freely express our fondness for each other behind the privacy of:

"Continue this thread --&gt;"
Actually it goes over quite well. You can talk shit about any religion you want. Of course there are the occasional angry guys like yourself though.
Okay, I'll concede that point. Liveleak is responding to threats, and has removed this movie as a result of those threats. I'm not arguing about that.

Having done that, I'll refer you to my soon-to-be-downmodded-into-oblivion post above. Whether we agree with Liveleak or not, my point is that Liveleak is under no obligation to host or support comments or videos or pictures or anything they don't want to. For any reason. That is not suppressing freedom of speech.

I'm just trying to make an important distinction between government suppression of speech and a private organization exercising its rights. When people go around talking about "Freedom of Speech" which is one of the most important freedoms we have (at least for the moment) and *don't know what they're talking about*, they devalue the entire concept.
That's pretty sexy. Tell me more.
&gt; denying the holucaust is a crime in many countries


Yes, sadly many countries hate freedom or are indifferent to it.  If you give the gov't an inch, it will take a mile.  The only way to effectively protect the right of freedom of speech is with "bright line" rules that necessarily extend protection beyond the natural right of free speech.
[deleted]
You don't even want to know what I'll do once this thread gets buried.  I'm going to do things that will blow your mind.

BTW, I just clicked on your username and up-voted 10 of your comments.  Did you feel it?  Could you feel me toggling your arrows?  They turned the cutest shade of red-orange.
&gt;They're not suppressing your freedom of speech, because you are free to express your ideas on your own site, blog, forum, etc.

You're a being bit of an idiot. 

A choice between hosting the movie, or your life, is really a no choice at all. It is a different situation from choosing to host a movie, and say, losing advertising revenue (which is what you're alluding to). This isn't a dispute between two private entities. This is thuggery. This situation is akin to being held up at gunpoint and having a choice between handing your wallet and being shot. Would you say the victim is "exercising his right" to dispose of his property when he does choose to hand over his money?

Credible threat of violence is a crime. But because it is a crime that is near impossible to trace and prosecute, it amounts to intimidation that leads to censorship. The only reason why Liveleak pulled this movie is because they were afraid for the safety of their staff.

//

Looking at it another way, you can ask yourself, why is it censorship when a government does it. And the answer is that when a government decrees something it backs it up by force. If you don't follow laws, men with guns will coerce you to do so. Thats why its censorship. In all lawful activities, there is no physical force (or the threat of physical force) involved, so there can't be real censorship. This situation does not fall within that realm.
I'm sorry but your examples are off the grid, KKK and Black Panthers are extremists group that are a minority in their respective communities. So bashing something dear to a community only because a part of it is extremist is not helpful at all.

In Netherlands, there is thousands of Muslims living by the Law and enjoying the freedom, they are lawyers, doctors, teachers, elected ones and so on, but when something like this happens you just mix them with extremists.

This said the guy is a notorious racist. And these days it's just that the Muslim in Europe is the New Jew.
Wow, down-modded for speaking the truth. Gotta love the interwebs.

+1 for you.
Upvote this if you had no plans to watch this, but have seen it now that it's been subjected to censorship and threats of violence.
It wasn't meant was a political statement to provoke discussion. It was meant as a political statement to get Europeans to wake the fuck up and do something about the Muslim problem. 

I don't agree with this guy's proposal (banning the Quran), but I think Europeans are being stupidly complacent on the issue. They're going to wake up one morning 20 years from now and find out that the liberal society they worked so hard to create has been destroyed by a people who hold their very way of life in contempt.
I love how this film gets so much hype when it's doing the same things that people like Bin Laden do: Take a passage from a book, cut off half of it and use it demonstrate that you're in the right.
You try to pull the "bu bu but islam" in a christian and jew bashing thread, and you get downvoted to hell.
*I* don't mix them in with extremists.  I love the little buggers.  For some reason they pray in front of the door of my office at work.  I have no idea why, but it's really cute.  I like to think they are praying to me, but that's probably not what's going on.

I didn't intend to offend with the KKK/BP comparison, I was just trying to illustrate the seemingly inevitable clash between large Muslim populations and secular culture.

It seems in almost all cases, once Muslim populations in a country reach a certain critical mass, they push to have aspects of the Muslim faith incorporated into law . . . and secular nations say "fuck that, we kicked religion out of our government buildings long ago and we damn well want to keep it that way" and you have a big clash.

So it seems until there is a large Muslim population which is willing to fully keep religion out of government, or there is a secular society which is willing to adopt Muslim laws, there will always be a clash.  I wish the two could coexist, but Muslims tend to want religious rules to apply to everyone and secular cultures want religious laws to stay in religious books.

The Mohammad cartoons are a good microcosm of this phenomena.  I have yet to see a large Muslim population support keeping the publication of images of Mohammad protected speech, and I have yet to see a secular society willingly give up their freedom to appease a religious group.
Denying the holocaust, being racist, and being sexist is entirely legal here in the USA, and thank god for it. Banning ideas is a horrible thing to do.

&gt; Aren't religion bashing and race bashing almost the same thing?

You don't choose to be white or black or brown. You choose to believe the stupid things it says in a stupid book.

&gt; making anti semitic films which under your reasoning would be totally fine!

Wrong or right isn't really relevant here. Making an anti-semitic film would not be illegal here in the USA, and should not be illegal in any free society.

Also, remember that this guy isn't just religion-bashing for shits and giggles. He's trying to make people aware of a very real cultural and social threat. There are videos of crazy Christian people picketing funerals of gay people. Are those videos just religion-bashing? Of course not. They point out a very real social problem and political threat. Those people aren't just picketing funerals, they're also trying to get all sorts of crazy legislation passed. If people refrained from drawing attention to such things, in the interest of respecting religion, then it would be very hard to rally opposing political forces to block the agenda of such groups.
Unless, of course, those that made the threats weren't muslim.
It all comes down to one question:

How much is freedom worth to you?  Is it worth your life?

If you answer "yes", then there is no way you'd restrict your speech to protect your life.
It's not the doctor, lawyer, and teacher Muslims that are burning cars in the streets. It's the low-income laborer immigrants that are doing that. In Europe unfortunately, the population of the latter is much bigger than the population of the former.

And comparing Muslims to Jews in that regard is a bit disingenuous. I don't remember Jewish Rabbis preaching the kind of invective screeds you see the Muslim Mullahs preaching. Jews by and large tried to live within the framework of Europe. Muslims are coming in and trying to remake Europe into the Middle East.

What I don't understand is that if Europe has these hate-speech laws, why the hell don't they use them to throw the radical mullahs and imams in jail?
I don't see how it's worthless. He's got a point. It's not like we have any moral high-ground here after the last 50 years of our foreign policy. At least the Dutch have the excuse that most of the horrible stuff they did to Muslim countries happened before most current Dutch citizens were born.
Freedom of Speech != requirement that your hosting company deal with harassment spawned because of your purposefully inflammatory and divisive political bullshit.
[deleted]
Maybe the downvoters wanted to see different kinds of stories in their personal Reddit, and were not trying to shield your precious eyes.
uh yeah... so um, your private convo hidden behind the neg comment ... well, uh... that comment went positive. So uh, um, we kind of, well we see what's going on here. And, it's a bit well. How do I put this. Um, if you would, please get a room. Thanks.
[Google video here](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=3369102968312745410).
Hahahahaha! Give this man/woman/thing a cookie. Good one!
Exactly! Holocaust deniers should be allowed to publish books!
What does Fitna mean? All I know is that it reminds me of the song [Fitna Dil](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-B458g4RT0). Damn those Urdu lyricists.
How do you know they were made by muslims?  What proof do you have?

This would present a good opportunity for someone looking to denigrate/villify Islam, wouldn't it?
&gt; So it seems until there is a large Muslim population which is willing to fully keep religion out of government

There are a large number of Muslims here in the United States (millions), and they are probably the most apolitical of the various major ethnic/religious demographics.

And Turkey is of course a country that was founded on strict secularism. 

Bangladesh was also founded on a secular principle, though that has been eroded as of late. Still, it's surprisingly free of Sharia law, with its impact being mostly limited to how marriage and inheritance is handled for Muslims. At a legal level, Pakistan is much the same way --- it's Islam problem is more of an provincial security issue than a widespread political/social one. In both of these countries, the major political parties are still secular, with Islamist parties making up a minority.
Uhh, what?  I did not say that anyone was making the threat more or less "real".  I am assuming the threat is 100% real.  If the threat is real, and you give in, you are giving terrorism meaning.  You are making it a worthwhile endeavor and legitimizing it as a method of argument.

If you believe that it is OK to give in and restrict your speech in cases where you are threatened because of it, then you don't believe in free speech period.

I've got to go now though, I'm going to go threaten herminator and make him my slave.
"There are a large number of Muslims here in the United States (millions), and they are probably the most apolitical of the various major ethnic/religious demographics."

That is because the moslem immigrant population in the USA is miniscule.

Once it reaches a threshold, say, 15%, watch out!
I'm a pedophile



No one will find me down here!
Why should the question of whether your freedom is worth your life have to ever arise in the first place when the medium through which you express your freedom ensures that you will remain absolutely safe?
The Muslim population here is about half as large as the Jewish population here. Yet, Muslims haven't tried to exert even a tiny fraction of the political and social influence Jews have exerted here, and have done nothing comparable to what is going on in Europe.
Well, down-modded. Just to make it clear, this video only bring the violent side of Muslims and it is unfair.

I know Muslims who are calm and kind-hearted and are able to understand other religion. They never agree to the killing of Jews or other religion but if you put them in  a situation where there's a cleric giving a speech intended to spread a violent message to kill to Jews or whatever, they have to agree out of fear. Indoctrination is inevitable once you are using the name of God.

It is sad that the good Muslims are the minority.
&gt;What proof do you have?

Occam's razor.  Ok, admittedly that's not proof.  It is however, a pretty powerful tool for evaluating evidence.
Since I'm an atheist I can't speak with authority, but I would imagine that the lack of Christian condemnation of the actions of which you speak is based upon the fact that they are not done in the name of Christianity.  Certainly this is true of the conflict in Chechnya which is essentially political, not religious.  As for warlords in Congo, I would argue that while they may use Christianity as a rallying device and an excuse for violence --see The Lord's Resistance Army-- they are actually all about power and domination and fear, and are not at all motivated by anything like actual Christianity.  Nor do they pay Christianity anything but the most negligible lip-service.
The question should arise because the medium cannot always save your bacon.  So, just between you and yourself you ought to know what freedom is worth to you, just in case the time comes.  If the time comes and you don't know what the freedom is worth to you, you will hesitate.  And those who hesitate are lost.  Or so the proverb says. :)
well, agree on dat :P i'm a moslem .. and yes it was a crap lol and lots of moslems think d same way too i geuss ... 
well, i'd say who did the movie or even spread it on any sites in the internet in the world doesnt really have real knowledge about islam. 
In islam, dont even try to speak when u dont have  nothing about it coz it will lead to Fitna ... so yeah ..Like the whole title of film "fitna" means, they all who made it and even spread, accusing something which is very ridicoulous ..
[deleted]
Knee deep huh?  Try thinking about how that couldn't be possible for a second.
At some point, you got to admit that Islam is even more ridiculous than the the other guilty parties.
Fuck em all really.
-h

that is my depiction of jesus fucking muhammad up the ass.  that's right. come and kill me now...
many more up mods
Why not?  Fuck em but what are you afraid of?  Is it any different than being afraid of cartoons or this movie?
Yeah.  A measured response?  Fuck him/her/them forever.  The time to get over religion is now.  The last religion to believe is Islam.  Fuck Allah.  His prophet was a pussy too...
Cartoons and novels justify death threats. Didn't you get the 'fn memo? Islam is empty.  Devoid of any meaning.  Just farther down the curve than the many shades of christianity and judaism.  Really...Imagine
I've got to say, I was interested in seeing what the maker had to say, but was pretty shocked at how poorly done this is. It's a glorified powerpoint presentation, and doesn't really represent how I think most Islamic people are. He's got a lot of good quotes from their Koran, but there is just as much stuff like that I could use for a anti-Christianity film.

Don't waste your time, you'll come to the same conclusion as me: it's garbage propaganda. (But that doesn't mean it shouldn't be on the internet, or that the fact that Liveleak pulled it isn't interesting!)
LOL
It allowed many to see the film for one.  It's sad that they had to bail out because of the moslem pussies, but that is the case.  If you don't want to snuff the kind of idiot that would protest a cartoon,  have a good life right.
For fuck's sake get a hold of yourself man!  This isn't a game!  This is important work we're doing here!
By "large number" I didn't mean 1-2%.

Turkey had the benefit of the great secular leader Ataturk, and in Turkey they had to go to the extreme step of banning religious garb to prevent religion from creeping back into a secular society.  Turkey was freed by one President who saw the harm religion and enacted strict laws to keep it at bay . . . and [it's creeping back in.](http://www.asianews.it/index.php?l=en&amp;art=7232)

Bangladesh is in the midst of a violent struggle between the secularists and Muslim extremists.

The problem it seems, is that when Islamic countries are secularized, it comes from outside the Religion.  In the West, the concept of separation of church and state came from within the religions.  Lutherans and Anabaptists both stressed the need to separate secular worlds from spiritual ones, and eventually this philosophy (for the most part) spread throughout the western world on its own.

You just don't see the same natural tendency in Muslim countries.  Some Muslim countries have had the benefit of a strong secular leader who stamps a mark of secularism in the country, but it is short-lived.  The most secular Muslim countries in the world are not becoming more secular, they are slipping back into a dangerous trend of religious political rule and an intolerance of free expression.

An artist could paint a picture of Hitler pooping on a bagel and feeding it to a Jew who is stuffed in an oven . . . one of the most offensive things I can think of on the spot, and you wouldn't see waves of death threats, violent attacks, and calls for revenge from Jewish groups.  You could publish a cartoon of the virgin mary being double-penetrated by Joseph and a donkey in a stable, and you wouldn't have your house burned to the ground or a religious declaration calling for the death of your family.  But a simple cartoon of Mohammad with a bomb on his head leads to several deaths, bombings, and arsons in Muslim countries.  Even in secular Turkey it leads to the execution of a random Catholic Priest.  I really don't know why, but it seems very difficult for those of the Muslim faith (in general, I'm generalizing here) to handle the free expression of others.  The vast majority of Muslims are non-violent.  But I don't think the majority of Muslims around the world oppose the concept of religious law.

Now, every religion has its crazies, and it's not fair to judge Islam by its most crazy participants, but it really seems as if a lot of western philosophy is lost on mainstream muslims.  If someone does something offensive in the West which upsets a certain religious group, you have controversy.  You have some people pissed (and even the occasion wacko death threat) but in general the attitude is "I don't agree with what you say, and I think it's offensive, but I support your right to say it."  Not so with the Danish cartoons.  There were massive protests in non-Muslim countries OUTSIDE of Denmark.  It's absolutely nuts.

The Da Vinci Code upset a lot of Christians, but you didn't see people dying.  You didn't see massive protests in the street, you just saw a #1 Bestseller even in Christian nations, and theaters packed with movie-goers who would be attending Mass the following Sunday.

I seriously don't know what it is about secularism and Islam, but secular Muslims are by far in the minority worldwide.
It's a tough reality because these pussies are for real.  Therefore, Liveleak has REAL concerns and outsiders scratch their head.  The only solution is to FUCK ISLAM 100%.  Fuck them dead. Your religion is a dead end of rationality.  If you want to play ball,  you could debate, maybe the jesuits.  My money is on them you fucking retarded fucking fucks!  Humanity is over you.
This question is unfair on it's face.  There are many reasons why a person would hold to a different standard ( ie a family ) If you wouldn't die for said principle, so what...more people need to die, myself included.  "mylifeofthethrillkillcult" is correct here.
Humanity is long in trying,  always failing...
reducing islam to fundementalism is ridiculous and inaccurate.

the movie just gives a cause to fundementalists to be pissed about.

the words of a friend:
"If I was a buddhist and the movie was about buddhism I would fucking go after that guy and kill him"
I don't think anyone cares if Muslims or Jews try to exert political or social influence, but the influence had damn well better come from the Law Offices of Liebowitz and Wolfe, not the Synagogue of Liebowitz and Wolfe.  If Jews want the US to give more aide to Israel, and they lobby for that, so what?  If Muslims want to lobby for the US to give more aide to Africa and the Middle East they're free to do so.

But if the Jewish populations start trying to ban pork, or make it a crime to blaspheme Moses, people are going to be pissed.  That goes beyond the scope of political activism and into the realm of imposing their religious beliefs on others, which is a fundamental no-no.

If Muslims want to influence politics, that's just fine.  That's great in fact!  But they must do so within the confines of a secular political system.
Well, it's on the Internets, 650 kB/s from Piratebay: http://thepiratebay.org/search/fitna/0/99/0
&gt; REMEMBER THE PROPHET (P.B.U.H) MIGHT ASK YOU ONE DAY WHAT DID YOU DO WHEN THEY MADE FUN OF ME? HOW DID YOU DEFEND ME?????"

Not very fucking likely that he can do that anymore. He's dead and gone. Kaput.

Besides which, the Qu'ran specifically instructs Muslims to engage in terrorism against non-Muslims. There's no grounds for defense against the very text of their holy book. It's a lost cause.
Freedom to only say nice things is *not* freedom of speech.
Of course they should!
Just like people writing books about the lizard men conspiracy, homeopathy, black magic, creationism, etc.
Of course they should, just as deniers (or affirmers) of any event should be. 

In fact, the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights guarantees as much. Check out Clause 19 for your edification:

http://www.un.org/Overview/rights.html
Have you seen any Christian/Jewish/Buddhist extremist slamming planes into buildings, or beheading hostages on video, or screaming, or blowing up metro trains or school buses lately?
Islam is a peaceful religion, and if you don't believe it Muslim will kill you
[deleted]
I call bullshit/publicity stunt on this.

death threats are illegall and if the police aren't involved then either you have a really incompetant police force OR you're bullshitting. 'oh no, the fundamentalists... well I guess you can't see it online for free, buy it instead'.

Pity they can't go after pirate bay.
Gee i can't wait for the moderates to start rioting over this
Exactly!
Downmoded for editorializing the headline.
Well, yes, I agree, but it depends on how you read the submitter's intention. I agree with the submitter that threats made against those expressing their opinions via film is an attack in freedom of expression *and* on freedom of speech. 

I guess it depends upon whether you want to interpret the latter in a formal, legalistic sense or in a general sense. The larger point, I think, is unaltered. Some people have threatened and intimidated in order to prevent someone else from expressing (or showing) a viewpoint.
Putting it just as a matter of religion is making it too simple. A friend of mine who was against the Cartoons (and I can assure you he's the nicest person, he lives in Canada, he prays 5 times a day and have a girl as a roommate), he said to me that what pisses him of is not the cartoon by themselves, but that he felt that it was more of sign of disrespect than just making fun.

That feelings comes from a lot of things, and religion is really a little part of it, he spent some years back in France, he's an engineer, he suffered his share of discrimination (jobs, apartment's rent, etc...) and the worse thing is even back home (Morocco) he could sense the discrimination even at his own home against a great part of the society in favor of a little Moroccan elite (backed up by western countries) and their European friends (if you lived in Morocco, especially in a big city, you'll see the Europeans living big life, getting paid a European salary in Morocco, or getting the best share in the Market and likewise, and Morocco doesn't even have Oil, and this thing is worse in the Gulf countries). So the feelings pile up, and the sense of humiliation grew up everyday.

And suddenly you see something like these Cartoons, and you see that the last place where you put what's left of your dignity gets "attacked", you just explode, and some more than others, that's why you've seen that a lot of Muslim around the World make it to the streets to protest, and I can assure Religion was not the biggest motive, even if they say so, I'm one of them, but I always try to put things in perspective but some days it's just too hard.

Sorry for the bad English.
Interesting points otakucode. But heres a question. If you were indeed the admin of liveleak, would you still continue to put the video up knowing that you might potentially be putting others' lives in danger as well(i.e the other people who work for liveleak, under you)and not just yours. Would you use the same justifications to still keeping it up?
Wrong!! No immigrant will ever do that.

those who are burning things were born there and know nothing but there. They are 100% Europeans, but they are still labeled as "Immigrants", and they find that unfair, and they are right.

Immigrants don't make a fuss.

And I won't respond to the Jew-Muslims part, it's just another matter of dividing that I won't indulge.
[deleted]
If this were one-off behaviour on the part of Muslim extremists, I'd agree with you. But it isn't, it's serial behaviour, as I've no doubt you are well aware.

We're in your country (UK), partaking of your economy, benefitting from your political stability, in many cases, accepting your housing and benefits, but offend us and we'll kill you. 

But feel free to keep banging on about the crusades and whatever.
[Yes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timothy_McVeigh) [they](http://www.army.mil) [are](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mordechai_Eliyahu) around. Stop being ignorant, people everywhere suck equally.
I strongly oppose the actions (and behaviour) in Iraq, and agree that what was supposed to be a liberation of the Iraqi people has turned into one of the biggest catastrophes of modern times.

But even so, it's not Americans (or other coalition troops in Iraq) setting off car bombs in market places packed with Muslim men, women and children, is it?
If the US and Britain hadn't grown impatient with the weapons inspections, they would have eventually gotten the green light from the UN.

In such an event, troops from Holland as well would no doubt have been called upon to fight.

Your non-involvement has been because the UN didn't run the show, rather than because your nation made a principled stand.
OK, well, I guess you've been living in a different parallel for the last few decades. But hey, welcome to ours.
I think religion and culture too often become irreversibly intertwined, which makes for a huge mess which is hard to differentiate.  You never really know when a phenomena is an aspect of a religion or a culture because the two are irreversibly connected.

This is just me speaking, and I'm not trying to speak for anyone else, but it seems to me the concept of liberty is very much absent in much of Muslim culture/religion.  People are expected to behave a certain way, and if they don't, there are often very harsh consequences.  It's not limited to Muslims, you see the same thing within some Christian families too.  It's this idea that if someone does something you don't approve of, you deter their behavior by threatening them.  It doesn't matter if it's a woman dressing too western in Iran or a man having a gay partner in Bahrain.  The solution it seems is always to control behavior with force . . . even if the behavior is private and doesn't impact anyone else.  The seemingly systematic approach to aligning the behavior of individuals with religious doctrine flies in the face of the very concept of liberty, which suggest that people be free to do whatever they please as long as they don't interfere with the rights of others to do the same.

When someone draws a cartoon, my attitude tends to be "so what, it's just a picture."  It may be offensive and the person who drew it may lose some friends, but he's still well within his rights to draw it, and anyone else is well within their rights to rebut his cartoon with cartoons of their own.

The message of the cartoon, it seemed (however offensive to some) was that Islam uses fear and violence as a primary method of maintaining adherence to doctrine.  When the response to this message is to use fear and violence to silence it, it rings painfully true.

It seems to me at least (and I can't speak for the entire western world) that there is a very fundamental difference between the way the Muslim faith or the Muslim culture operates and the way the rest of the world has shifted over the past 500 years or so.

From a religious perspective, it seems western religions have taken the perspective of "vengeance is mine, saith the lord." Which eliminates the need for holy retribution here on earth.  From a cultural perspective, it seems western societies have adopted a policy of liberty and tolerance.

I'm not really sure the Muslim faith or the Muslim culture feels the same way.  This is not to say NO Muslims have adopted western ideals, but it's not nearly as universally accepted in Muslim culture.
LiveLeak has done more to circumvent and reduce censorship than probably anyone posting such glib comments on this page.

You probably don't have employees to whom you have a legal duty of care, or investors, or a partner and children who may not be happy with you risking your life, business and home in order to make a principled stand.

A general point, many of the comments on this page I suspect are from people who only ever see non-Westernized Muslims on TV news. Many of us live in countries with hundreds of thousands of such immigrants and descendants of such immigrants. We don't jump into a 4x4 and drive hundreds of miles away from the problem. We all live cheek by jowl (the nearest mosque to me is a 10 minute walk away). In Britain, this is not a matter of some media-conjured, imagined community.

Threats like these are taken very seriously by the British public and are testing community relations as they've never been tested before.
Backpack bombs and 747s are just a poor mans helicopter gunship or cruise missile. Barbarism is barbarism.
funny thing is, how ppl distort the word ,FREEDOM OF SPEECH, I always thought there was limit to the thing, lovely to see it so brutely manipulated by seemingly very very very smart people
Followed you until the "shifted" part, you are joking I think, at this time, America (I mean the whole continent) had a thriving Slavery business, and Colonialism and White supremacy was thriving too. Africa still not completely free to this day. Not very bright examples of liberty and tolerance. And I didn't even mention the continuous wars, that are still happening today.
Precisely, for those living next door to potential trouble - confronting the problem is a lot more complicated than Otakucode's Egohunger.

The real problem is the attempt to control the media by certain a certain part of society - whether this group be Muslims, Christians or any other religion is irrelevant.Yesterday it was Stalin, today it is the Muslims, tomorrow it could be anyone - History has shown that there will always be a group of people trying to curb our freedoms.

The best way to defeat such attempts to curtail basic freedoms is not by a whole lot of Gorilla chest thumping and questioning as to whether you'd die for this or that - but simply making sure that you spread the media that is being withheld.

There wouldn't have been such relentless bitching about how the movie has been taken down from the internet if people hadn't uploaded it as fast as a pathetic Paris Hilton Video.
Lovely rant. keep justifying the terrorists. I hope you know which side you're on. It's funny though how people like you cry for mama (US army, for example) when the terror and evil comes to their door. Let's just hope you never have to face that situation...Actually, it's very likely that you won't have to face it thanks to these very helicopter gunships and cruise missiles. 
But hey, it's not like I'm gonna change your opinion anyway, and you're not gonna change mine. Good luck dreaming, pal.
If Liveleak had pulled a video critical of libertarianism due to threats there would be silence from the peanut gallery here.
&gt;*death threats are illegall and if the police aren't involved then either you have a really incompetant police force OR you're bullshitting*

Salman Rushdie. Ayaan Hirsi Ali. Anyone arrested yet?
Freedom of Speech == we all have a responsibility to protect people from such threats of violence
&gt;*that people like Bin Laden do*

I believe bin Laden has done a little more than make a film, hasn't he?
I'm not justifying anything, we're all barbarians, live with it.
&gt;I've got to go now though, I'm going to go threaten herminator and make him my slave.

You *two!* Always being Kinky together.
When you find yourself addressing a problem with empty rhetoric instead of coming up with a solution - be assured that your time is coming.

We all stand for something. However, running around with your arms flailing, asking whether lives can be sacrificed does nothing.

Rhetoric is what lead to the country going to Iraq War with it's calls for blood, with Bush and his kind posing the same question that you are - Would You Not Die For Us?

Rhetoric will get you nowhere.
Where are they? References please.
And incidentally, this is a film which merely visually associates undeniable acts of Islamic fundamentalist savagery with corresponding instructions and statements from the Koran. 

Even the page tear at the end of the film is that of a page torn from a telephone directory not the Koran. As the film suggests, it's for Muslims themselves to do the 'page tearing'.
Your point (accepted) would be so much more effective if you left out the word 'fucking'. It makes you sound like a kid in the playground.
And what are you doing to protect these people?
fucking pussies... no rioting here in holland yet.
I don't think "limit" is the right word here. Rights such as freedom of speech may conflict with other rights. For example news reporting ( free speech ) may conflict with somebody's right to a fair trial. People may well debate which right takes precedence.

Free speech and freedom of religion hardly conflict at all. One person criticising religion does not prevent anyone else from exercising their rights.

Perhaps you could demonstrate exactly how this film limits other people's rights? If it doesn't, it has not gone too far.
http://reddit.com/info/6dk4k/comments/c03kixs
Your quote came from the New American Standard Bible.

In the King James:


"When men strive together one with another, and the wife of the one draweth near for to deliver her husband out of the hand of him that smiteth him, and putteth forth her hand, and taketh him by the secrets"

Translations, context and common sense will alter the meaning of texts. Also, people have this amazing ability of "ignoring stuff". They do it all the time.

Or do you assume all Muslims pray 5 times a day?
Okay. I'm going to kick a puppy in your name. Not very hard (actually playful, because I like puppies) and I'm going to do it in your name.

You better start apologizing like hell. Because it' your fault since *I* did it in *your* name.

BTW, ALL conflicts are political or socio-economic. Religion just isn't important enough to go to war over.

People with half a brain-cell understand that people who claim to do stuff in this or that religion/ideology could simply be (ghasp) *lying*... And only be interested in their own goals.
I am a Muslim and it is unfair that I view all Americans based on what Bush is doing. So don't judge us based on a movie or based on actions by 1% of Muslims or based on things that are out of contexts.
Please speak for yourself. If you're comparing yourself and your countrymen to the scum from al qaida and other radical Muslim terrorist organizations - you live with it. I'm not a barbarian, neither are my family and friends.
No, actually, he hasn't. He wasn't the one flying the planes on 9/11, he isn't the one doing the suicide bombing runs, he isn't the one out on the front lines fighting. 

What he *is* doing, however, is exactly what this movie does. He's using certain quotes from Quran to illustrate that his ideology is the correct POV for muslims to have.
Yeah.  I'd let everyone know that I'd provide as much protection as possible to them, but in the end you're putting them in much more danger by caving to the demands of the terrorists.

Look at Spain.  They were getting bombs set off all over the place by terrorists who wanted the people to vote in the socialists.  After a particularly bad attack right before an election, the people gave in.  They voted the socialists into power.  The bombing continued with new demands.  The imbeciles were actually surprised.
&gt;But The Last Temptation of Christ got the fundies bitching pretty good at the time, and I think you could make a nearly identical movie to Fitna but with fundamentalist christianity.

I agree, they moaned and they would have censored it it they could. But they couldn't, and nobody will really expect thousands of Catholics - or European Protestants, the US kind is more, er, problematic - shouting in the streets attacking cinemas.

There are two main differences here, one of them is obvious, the other unconformable to people: Europe has gone through a specific process of secularisation, so Christianity is more used to playing along with that fact... and Muslims are *almost all* extra-European immigrants, while Christianity was something that the natives adopted (unfortunately IMO, but that's another debate)

&gt;Anyway, I actually got an email from a pretty hardcore muslim fundametalist friend of mine, about the bomber mohammed thing, which I'm gonna paste here for those of you who havn't seen the more measured side of the response taken by some muslims:

That's the measured side? It has all the main problems of the non-measured one, namely the belief that others should bow down to their beliefs, that some random thing like "depicting Mohammad" is "making fun" of them, etc. If *that's* the measured  side we are worse then I though (I'm kidding, I'm pretty pessimistic about it already).

Those reasonable ones have the exact same thought process as the ones who ended up killing the previous Dutch politicians. It's merely a matter of degree, not of kind.
&gt;*No, actually, he hasn't. *

Yes, actually, he has. Unless you think he had no hand in planning 9/11?

&gt;*What he is doing, however, is exactly what this movie does*

This movie is planning to bomb Madrid, London, Bali, New York? Is it really?
They keep modding you down, without providing the counter argument. I guess this leads to the conclusion they don't have any and indeed do like to silence down others. So what are the counter arguments? *insert silence below*
They won't. Just more creeps that want to manipulate opinion. This is their strategy.
&gt;Also, people have this amazing ability of "ignoring stuff".

Irony.

You didn't answer my post, so I'm ignoring yours.
Your comment itself exposes the truth behind the propaganda, a truth the xenophobes hate to admit.

When car bombs go off, they kill innocent, peaceful Muslim men, women, and children.

In other words, the people who set off these bombs are not characterized mainly by being Muslim; they are characterized mainly by being murderously violent.

This entire conflict is often presented, falsely, as the West vs. the Muslims.  In truth, it is the violent psychopaths on **both sides** killing the innocent bystanders on both sides.

P.S. What was "supposed to be a liberation of the Iraqi people" never existed.  This is just another of the thoroughly soiled misdirections used to justify the invasion, whose primary goal was most likely to secure a future oil supply -- and to establish a military presence in the region to that end.
No, you didn't. You replied to it with:



"    Also, people have this amazing ability of "ignoring stuff".

Irony.

You didn't answer my post, so I'm ignoring yours."
Good job ignoring the rest of the post.
&gt; What was "supposed to be a liberation of the Iraqi people" never existed.

I believe the same. For many of the planners that was just an expedient ruse. And that's why, as I said, I strongly oppose the actions in Iraq. 

&gt; In other words, the people who set off these bombs are not characterized mainly by being Muslim; they are characterized mainly by being murderously violent.

Agreed. Although being inspired by a non-rational doctrine that provides them with the justification they need for their barbarity is no doubt very useful for them. Ditto Bush and the neo-cons.

I'm neither Christian nor Muslim, and so find policy based upon the superstition of either 'faith' equally unacceptable.
What rest of post? What else was there other than a stupid equation of this film with the person who planned various terrorist outrages? You think anything else you say is worth addressing?
"f Jews want the US to give more aide to Israel, and they lobby for that, so what?"

Obviously you are one CLUELESS individual.

So what?

3 billion dollars per year in "aid", War in Iraq, soon to come War with Iran, and you have the temerity to ask "so what"?

Educate yourself, please, about the influence of the pro-Israel lobby in the USA.
The solution is for everyone to be less dogmatic and to be more open minded.  The more someone is regimented, the more the need for that someone to grow more open minded.

However, open minded people cannot allow themselves to be bullied.  If they do allow it, then something precious is lost.

I'm against the war in Iraq and I don't like solving problems with force.  However, Islam is really a bad, intolerant religion and the Arabic culture is a bad and intolerant culture.  As much as I love peace and diplomacy I cannot just sit here and pretend that Islam is just fine.  It is not.  Islam historically has been very intolerant.  It's not a matter of us being westerners.  It's even intolerant to its own people when they don't toe the party line.  I suggest you find out what happened to Al Hallaj for example.  This Islamic intolerance is not something new.  They've been ignorant and intolerant for so long now.  While Christians have arguably grown out of the witch burning age, the Islamists - not so!
Nice pointless and meaningless talk, you blowhard hypocrite.

There are plenty of companies who are willing to deal with divisive bullshit (and the numerous associated problems with hosting it, like increased chance of DDOS, etc.)  It's just that they charge a premium for doing so.

And besides, it's easier to sign up for a $9.95/month account, and then cry censorship when your idiocy gets your account yanked than it is to pay for all the bandwidth required to do what he wanted.
&gt;*you blowhard hypocrite*

Good morning.

~What does this have to do with anything?
Precisely. 

Although I would refrain from branding Arabic Culture in it's entirety as intolerant, what you're perhaps referring to is Islam's Intolerance.

'Arab' and 'Islam' are not one and the same thing.
Just pointing out that unless you volunteered to host, you're a fucking hypocrite and should be shot.
&gt;*and should be shot*

Er...yeah, right.

&gt;*unless you volunteered to host,*

And that's the only way you can support freedom of speech is it? You live in a very simple world, don't you? Still, I suppose that's all you can manage.

Go on, why not shout and stamp your feet again. Why not scream and scream until you feel sick.

http://reddit.com/user/mschy/
Make some more pointless links, dumbass.

I said that specifically because it's clear that you're not interested in honest discussion or debate, so I stooped right to your level.

DIAF, you freedom-hating, random-linking fuck.
&gt;*it's clear that you're not interested in honest discussion*

Hey, it's you again. Mr thicko. How ya doin', stoopid?
[deleted]
It reminds me of all the morons here who think that being downvoted is suppression of free speech as well.  Even though in the latter case, nothing's deleted or removed, just hidden from view and easily accessible with a single click.  And you're in control of the point threshhold for when this happens and can set it so that comments will never be hidden.  And oh yeah, comments don't contribute to karma.
You've failed to notice that the subber's title does put LiveLeak as the active agent of suppressing the freedom of speech and not the Muslims.  It should've read "Muslims force liveleak to remove video by threat of violence."
You've failed to notice that the subber's title does put LiveLeak as the active agent of suppressing the freedom of speech and not the Muslims. It should've read "Muslims force liveleak to remove video by threat of violence."
Since "honor killings" have been pinned on an Arabic culture instead of Islam, I have to include it now in the list of what I don't like.  Say thanks to all the Muslims who put so much effort into separating Islam from some things we see in Islamic communities (and other, non-Islamic, Middle East communities), such as honor killings and other things we consider barbaric.

It's a shame, because we've borrowed many good things from Arabic cultures, not the least of which is our number system.  But no number system is worth the honor killings and female "circumcisions".  If it was possible for me to never know and/or encounter barbaric things like that, I'd give up the convenience of our number system in a flash.

Maybe I should say "Middle Eastern Cultures" instead of Arabic?  That would broaden it a bit.
Eh? LiveLeak *are not* threatening anyone's free speech! Their action is no more an attack on free speech than you or me failing to offer to host the film is an attack on free speech.

It is perfectly clear where the threat to free speech is coming from. Blaming LiveLeak is like saying that girls who get raped are responsible for making the world a dangerous place for other girls. It's a non-sequitur.

And neither does the title state that LiveLeak is a threat to free speech, It simply states that this whole affair is a sad day for free speech. Which it is. But it is not so because of LiveLeak's action, but because of the actions of those making the threats. Besides, the final sentence in the title is from LiveLeak's offical statement, isn't it?

The *threat* to free speech does not emanate from the person or organisation suffering the intimidation - but from those who are making the threats and who *are* opposed to free speech (which LiveLeak clearly isn't)!
I'm not saying live leak is threatening the speech, I'm agreeing with wil and saying that the title puts them to blame erroneously.  Learn some english.
The 'Number System' that you refer to is actually Indian. The Arabs learned about the decimal system and the concept of zero from ancient Hindus who had invented and then passed it on to Europeans (which is why it's called the Hindu-Arabic System). 

So the number system isn't Arabic per se.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_Hindu-Arabic_numeral_system

Summary:
I agree with you on this.
&gt; I'm not a Muslim.
*   i just don't get it.
The time to get over religion is now.
I don't respect any religion that wants to kill me.
I just am not sure that what it says is good.
Islam is a peaceful religion, and if you don't believe it Muslim will kill you.
I suppose the ones making the threats don't understand that.
You don't see me get worked up about it.
I don't see how it's worthless.
I don't think "limit" is the right word here.
The point was made at the time.
If those things are different.
Responsibility comes before freedom of speech.
That is not suppressing freedom of speech.
Don't get me wrong, I hate religion.
I like to think they are praying to me, but that's probably not what's going on.
'Arab' and 'Islam' are not one and the same thing.
I thought I had a point to make.
The last religion to believe is Islam.
It allowed many to see the film for one.
one or the other has to give.
I did not say that anyone was making the threat more or less "real".
How do I put this.
&gt; Responsibility comes before freedom of speech.
But you don't tell me what I can or cannot see.
You can't bash on people for the just because you think you have the right to.
Freedom of Speech == we all have a responsibility to protect people from such threats of violence.
How do you know they were made by muslims?
It's not

It's not *LiveLeak* who are threatening freedom of expression, but the people who are making the threats.
&gt;It felt like a propaganda film

It felt like a propaganda comment.
come and kill me now...
But it is not so because of LiveLeak's action, but because of the actions of those making the threats.
LiveLeak *are not* threatening anyone's free speech!
It is sad that the good Muslims are the minority.
And what are you doing to protect these people?
It's not limited to Muslims, you see the same thing within some Christian families too.
The problem it seems, is that when Islamic countries are secularized, it comes from outside the Religion.
They do it all the time.
If Muslims want to influence politics, that's just fine.
However, Islam is really a bad, intolerant religion and the Arabic culture is a bad and intolerant culture.
*I* don't mix them in with extremists.
Why can't we all respect other people's religion?
And I'm not a Christian, but my point still stands.
You live in a very simple world, don't you?
But I don't think the majority of Muslims around the world oppose the concept of religious law.
If the time comes and you don't know what the freedom is worth to you, you will hesitate.
Freedom to only say nice things is *not* freedom of speech.
It all comes down to one question:

How much is freedom worth to you?
It's not a matter of us being westerners.
It should've read "Muslims force liveleak to remove video by threat of violence."
This Islamic intolerance is not something new.
Not all Muslims are like those who are shown in this video, I have Muslims friends who are just the same like us.
This makes these "moderates" supportive of the extremists.
I hope you know which side you're on.
And these days it's just that the Muslim in Europe is the New Jew.
The only solution is to FUCK ISLAM 100%.
This isn't just propaganda, it's a political statement.
You can talk shit about any religion you want.
Would you use the same justifications to still keeping it up?
Putting it just as a matter of religion is making it too simple.
I'm against the war in Iraq and I don't like solving problems with force.
I think that the film doesn't even deserve a second thought.
But I'm neither a Muslim, nor a Nazi.
Why not just threaten death for any story you don't like then?
That's the world where people like herminator and the staff of LiveLeak aren't running things.
I'm going to do things that will blow your mind.
It is perfectly clear where the threat to free speech is coming from.
He's trying to make people aware of a very real cultural and social threat.
&gt; I think it's been mostly a non-event.
Why should religion be respected?
&gt; Race is not the same as religion.
You could have just said yes.
&gt; the decision to remove this movie could be considered an attack on freedom of speech.
What he *is* doing, however, is exactly what this movie does.
They point out a very real social problem and political threat.
If I made a movie showing Jews rioting in the streets of Atlanta, _that_ would be propaganda.
Immigrants don't make a fuss.
Radical Islam exists, and it's bloody dangerous, and it's a threat to freedom of speech.
Then you don't really understand the concept of freedom of speech.
Race is not the same as religion.
It wasn't removed because of that.
But there is a *huge* difference between censorship and suppressing freedom of speech.
I don't have that much money to be moving all over the place.
The true beauty of the film isn't the content: for all I know it could be all made up.
What the fuck are you talking about?
I already have it set for that.
I'm really happy Liveleak pulled this.
Rights such as freedom of speech may conflict with other rights.
You didn't answer my post, so I'm ignoring yours.
You didn't answer my post, so I'm ignoring yours."
This isn't about "culture" or "race".
You just don't see the same natural tendency in Muslim countries.
Religion just isn't important enough to go to war over.
Obviously I don't mean all the old white folks, or all the Muslims.
!THIS GUY JUST SAID SOMETHING THAT MIGHT GET SOME MUSLIMS RIOTING!!
I am sure it says something about you that you feel that speaking out against terror and abuse makes one radical.
that way you don't miss any of the good stuff.
I hate to be pedantic, but The Submitter doesn't understand what "freedom of speech" means.
And, it's a bit well.
It's almost enough to make you believe that they (i.e.
It was meant as a political statement to get Europeans to wake the fuck up and do something about the Muslim problem.
I probably know alot more than you think.
Yes, violent Muslims exist, and there is no excuse for it.
Why do Muslims always assume that 'white' westerners are Christians?
Free speech and freedom of religion hardly conflict at all.
Your point (accepted) would be so much more effective if you left out the word 'fucking'.
The guy who made the movie (Wilders) wants to ban the Qur'An.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 1.49
