Original Response:
you are posting news articles from 2005
 
this story already had closure 3 years ago

Investigators revealed that the Defense Ministry signed a deal with an Israeli company three years ago, contracting it to negotiate the sale of five IAF helicopters for a sum of USD 100,000 per aircraft.

 
The ministry permitted the choppers, of a MD 500 Defender model, be sold either to the Mexican federal police, or to the Spain firefighters department. However, contrary to the terms of the license, the copters ended up in Columbia, by way of Canadian mediators.

 
A Defense Ministry spokeswoman said in response that "after suspicions were raised that an illicit exchange took place, the ministry launched an initial investigation into the matter last year."

 
"According to instructions of the chief prosecutor, the case was handed over to the police in 2004," she added.
[deleted]
Nothing to see here. Move along.
It seems as if someone or some group is beginning to direct a media campaign highlighting Israel's spying on its "good friend" the United States. Good.
Wow. Fucking finally we are waking up, just a little bit, that being Israel's bitch is mostly thankless, and often harmful.
why worry about helicopters, when Israeli spies  try to get a hold of nuclear info?
[deleted]
I would also like to add, these were the very high tech helicopters bought from the US in the 1970s...
[deleted]
[deleted]
FTA-Another diplomatic incident threatens to taint U.S.-Israeli relations:

This is a hoot. The deliberate murder of US citizens doesn't taint US/Isreal relations. This never made the US press and even if it had it would have been brushed under the rug.
Please, this isn't going to do a thing. The US couldn't give two shits about the drug cartel in Columbia because the CIA is one of the biggest importers of cocaine. This won't harm relations with Israel - US needs their alliance for their imperialist mideast presence.
no it won't.  the media and the us gov are puppets to the israeli lobby, it will not change a thing.  anyone who criticises israel is anti-semitic and a hitler lover.
[deleted]
Upmodded for unbiased, reliable source on an Israeli story.  We need more of this.

Or just less Israel-stuff total.  You guys have a problem.
"The ministry permitted the choppers, of a MD 500 Defender model, be sold either to the Mexican federal police, or to the Spain firefighters department."

I bet that had something to do with it
Blame Canada
Screaming "Israeli lobby Zionist control" every time a story like this comes up is just as retarded as automatically replying "anti-Semite" to any criticism of Israel.

You're right-- it won't sour US-Israel relations. Not because of Zionist control, but because the issue was resolved and all parties involved got over this three years ago.
you woke up 3 years too late.

the case was resolved in 2005
It isnt going to cloud anything.
[deleted]
We also need to get over our guilt over our inactions toward Jews in WWII.
[deleted]
i think he meant the helicopters were developed in the 70's
COLOMBIA u donkeys
[deleted]
Colombians speak Spanish too.
finally some fresh news on reddit

why don't you post the article about them saudi guys who hijacked some planes and crashed them into tall buildings.
how dare you question the jews.  america must follow lockstep with israeli demand.  we serve israel in all things, afterall
"Incedent may cloud relations between countries", but for some reason had no effect. Strange, that.
WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Incident may cloud relations between countries"

No.
"Incident may cloud relations between countries"
yeah right.
[deleted]
case was figured out a long time ago.  Quit trying to place blame on Israel when there is none.
Well thats what you get when you trust jews.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nothing can cloud are relationship. We are the lobbys bitch.
I would rather read Chomsky and Finklestein douche bag.
Nice try. Say something stupid and anti-semetic than the whole discussion can be discredited and dimissed.Not going to fly here. Anti apartheid redditters will continue to criticize Zionist war crimes.
Wow! didn't know they had drug cartels in Columbia! FFS!

Oh, wait, maybe the retard writing the title meant "Colombia"...
Israel needs to be brought to account when it is necessary. This is not a case in point, but to press the claim that because of this other stories about Israel should be buried is, well, disingenuous.

I don't know why I am replying to you though; your shilling is transparent.
It seems to be, after the United States, the most popular country for featuring in Reddit stories.

Methinks you guys have a bit of an unhealthy fixation.  Why don't you go to a bar tonight and have a couple drinks to relax?
My guess is that somebody bribed someone. The article does not give a clue if it was an Israeli who was bribed or someone in Spain or Mexico.
What did you add?
Israel's Answer:  Hey, they gave us a good price for them (more than we paid).
Actually... after looking at the damage to the Syrian reactor, I'd say that we're never really going to get the Iranian job done (you see, they were smart enough to learn from Israel bombing Iraq's reactor before, so they knew to build under ground.  I'm somewhat shocked that Syria wasn't able to take the same lesson away from history's teaching).
It's too bad that the best resolution to this stale story comes from a quote predating the article by a year and ends with "the case was handed over to. . ."

Don't we already know who brings the coke into the US?

I guess time - and [multi]media culture - heals old wounds.
yeah
I don't think I'd want to ride in a 30 year old chopper without my Depends™. Those things were probably sold for scrap and parts. Who cares?
um.. Israeli spies routinely steal our weapons technology. This story is just a distraction.
&gt; Incident may cloud relations between countries

yeah.  right.

Summary:
"Incident may cloud relations between countries"
yeah right.
"Incident may cloud relations between countries"

No.
&gt; Incident may cloud relations between countries

yeah.
We need more of this.
This story is just a distraction.
It isnt going to cloud anything.
the case was resolved in 2005.
This won't harm relations with Israel - US needs their alliance for their imperialist mideast presence.
We are the lobbys bitch.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
