Original Response:
They want independence, what difference does it make? Either way the article is really good.
OH SHIT HERE COMES AN S!
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Please accept my sincere apology. I'm usually pretty good with apostrophe's.
But what did you think about the article?
Not all people in Tibet want independence. China provide money, protection and infrastructure to Tibet and help it to come out of its past of slavery and terrorism. Tibet is a lot more "free" now for many people than it was before it was part of China. Only the Dalai Lama and his supporters lost anything.

The US also brings "freedom" to other countries by invading them. If you want to "free Tibet" then perhaps you should also call for "free Afghanistan" and "free Iraq". 

By making this camparison you might also realise that withdrawing all troops is not necessarily the best way to give people peace and freedom. It could cause chaos and destruction instead of freedom. Imagine what would happen if the US withdrew from Iraq tomorrow.
"Imagine what would happen if the US withdrew from Iraq tomorrow."

Collateral damage? Oh wait that's only acceptable when they're *invading* a country.
http://www.angryflower.com/bobsqu.gif
Don't sweat it, its a common mistake.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I cannot possibly compete with you so far as knowledge of this history goes...you are obviously very well informed.

However, I would have the audacity to ask, whether a comparable train of logic could thereby classify the Irish as being English?

edit: the most obvious implication/ inference?? being, that the rhetorical answer is no, and that perhaps the only real difference between any two groups is the length of time between the present day and the time of initial colonisation.
[deleted]
My God!

The Roman empire was a thing. A body. It was a living thing. But living things die. They must needs so. 

So, what does life do to beat death. It fucks and multiplies. The Roman empire fucked Christianity, and gave birth to...'the Holy Roman Empire' I guess.

Western civilisation must have sex with the Orient, before it dies, to give birth to a new...thing...why else would we care? The mother, China, of our future civilisation...what is she like? What will be like to our children?
&gt; The Irish are UK citizens, but not British (or English)

Well Ireland *was* (past tense) a part of the United Kingdom. The UK currently is short for “The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland”. So the UK is Northern Ireland and Britain, Britain is England, Scotland, and Wales.
[deleted]
Ah you missed the best part ;-)
[deleted]
The Holy Roman Empire was neither Holy, nor Roman, nor an Empire. If you're looking for a synthesis of Rome and Christianity, you would want to look to the Byzantines, not the HRE.
Regardless. They are meme-mammals, and they need to fuck. And fuck they shall.
I was just being pedantic about history, really. Your point is a metaphor, and I was just nitpicking. Syncretism of the East and West is a different matter entirely, and if you'd like to discuss it, I'm more than willing.
Why do China want Tibet so bad anyway? It's a much smaller country with fewer natural resources..is it logically worth all the trouble?
Well some Irish (in the north) consider themselves British, not English. British was the umbrella identity we tried out like the Russians tried to use the Soviet name. Scotsmen, Welshmen and Irishmen would probably punch you in the face if you called them English too much. There are no 'British' people anymore, just a framework of Irish, Scottish, English and Welsh. This is why we have no national pride or belief in our country. Nobody hangs a British flag outside their house - the only time you see the cross of St. George is near a major football event.

Still, the Northern Irish who say they are British protestants need our protection from the Irish there who say they are Catholic and not in the slightest bit British. The problem is not that we claim we own NI - we gave up Ireland long ago after a consistent terrorism campaign by the Southern Irish who later formed the IRA and its splinter groups. Terrorism (despite what the authorities might say) is a very, very effective political tool and has worked many times. The problem is we cannot leave these people to be the outsiders in their own land, 'the Kurd's in Turkey' if you will. The good news is the country is peaceful at the moment and there hasn't been an IRA bombing in years.

Hopefully they will either move to the mainland or accept Irishness over the next few decades and we can be done with the whole mess for good.
&gt;China provide money, protection and infrastructure to Tibet and help it to come out of its past of slavery and terrorism.

What do you mean by "terrorism" in this context?

BTW, the slavery thing is a little funny to bring up given China's history on the topic, given that a significant number of Tibetans were forced into work camps after the invasion.
It's quite simple.

Anybody who lives in England is English, anybody in Scotland and Ireland Scottish and Irish. The same goes for the welsh.

The term 'British' is an outdated Umbrella term we English tried out in the Victorian times. It is like the way the Russians called conquered lands Soviet, like Poland. It worked a little, but if you called a Scot or and Irish man British today they would be very very offended.

Britain is an old, dying idea. Scotland and Wales have their own regional government and despite taking a LOT of tax from England they are basically independent. Wales started the smoking in public ban months before England did amongst other independent political actions.

Southern Ireland is a totally separate country and has been since the early 20th and the terrorist campaigns against English rule. Northern Ireland has Irish who still consider themselves British as well as Irish nationalists so that is why we keep legal control of the area, to prevent all out Iraq style civil war.

There has been peace for a while now, we can hope it will stay like that.
Most sane people want out of Iraq don't they?

We're losing money and lives hand over fist for no gain, ethical or financial.
I'm reading a 8.9 on the philsophical ricter scale here but I see what you mean.

I think a unified world state (ala a stricter UN) is the future of the world. The sad thing is only an alien invasion could probably make us all band together and work for the greater good, so it will take a long time to happen.

As for the Holy roman empire, that little monster had been on rocky ground since one of the emperor's started looking into islam a little too closely and was proclaimed the antichrist. Yay for religious tolerance! The empire surivived for hundreds of years after but it lands and people changed rapidly throughout.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frederick_II%2C_Holy_Roman_Emperor
Well they won't swap genetic information with a penis fueled injection of sperm but something will be born from both, true.
&gt; China provide money, protection and infrastructure to Tibet and help it to come out of its past of slavery and terrorism. 

Mmmm. no.

&gt; It could cause chaos and destruction instead of freedom. Imagine what would happen if the US withdrew from Iraq tomorrow.

Yeah because Iraq is full of freedom and devoid of chaos and destruction right now thanks to the US.
Incredibly difficult to understand I know but "it's" means "it is" which is presumably not what you wanted say. It's "its"
You make a good case against his linguistic argument, which would nonetheless be a superficial revelation without authority to the question of independence. But this doesn't make China's claims any more legitimate - you miss the more important argument.

You do not bring up anything to refute his assertion that Tibet ruled independently during the Ming dynasty (13th-16th centuries) as well as in the 20th century, from 1911 to 1951 up until Mao Zedong imposed military rule.

From my perspective, this implies that China seized ownership of a non-Chinese nation in 1951 by use of military force. They chose not to do the same with what has become the independent state of Mongolia, which also achieved independence after the fall of the Qing Dynasty in 1911. Everything before 1951 then is historical, but not applicable to the debate. The fact remains that were it not for that invasion, Tibet would continue to be an independent state today, just as is the nation of Mongolia.

To address your rants, what happened in the time of the purchase of land from Russia, or the Gadsden Purchase, or the wars against Mexico/Spain for the southwest US, do not make analogous comparisons. Much of Africa, Asia, and South America weren't even formal nations at this point in history. What happened in the 50's in the case of Tibet is a very different epoch with very different repercussions.
"past of slavery and terrorism."

Citation please?
Natural resources.

I'm failing to find evidence at the moment, but I recall that 40% of the world's population (including China and India, especially) drinks water that originates in Tibet.
Perhaps, but we need evidence of that. I am not saying you are wrong, just that I cannot build a credible argument agreeing with you without evidence or I would be picked apart.

Surely china could just steal the water from the rivers that flow through it from Tibet rather than take over the whole country?

I don't see what in Tibet is worth all this hassle, violence and death.
bugmenot.com
Hmmm... this WWF article makes the claim that the Yangtze provides 40% of China's water... but that's a slightly different claim.

"The Yangtze River rises in the mountains of Qinghai Province on the Tibetan plateau and flows 6,300km to the East China Sea, opening at Shanghai. The Yangtze river basin accounts for 40% of China’s freshwater resources, more than 70% of the country’s rice production, 50% of its grain production, more than 70% of fishery production, and 40% of the China’s GDP."

http://www.panda.org/news_facts/newsroom/index.cfm?uNewsID=108360
Still...the river is mostly in their country. Why would they need tibet to control it?
Forbidden Palace was built during the Ming. Mandarin was spoken by people from North China, traceable far further back than the Qing. Cantonese is limited to Guangdong province.
What about South Vietnam?
[deleted]
...and meanwhile, Rome burns. To debate issues of where governing authority ought to be, [when the abuses which the government is committing are so rife...](http://reddit.com/info/6f84a/comments) - I think that's a bit of a distraction.
That comes across to me as wrong. Cantonese has historically been localized in the south of China.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I think it's more of a regional dialect that developed independently after the first migrants came. But you just admitted Cantonese developed in south China, not throughout China.
I have a feeling any cite would be Chinese propaganda.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xsoc4-QnplY
from chinese forum: "if you do not trust your media's reports on Iraq, why do you believe your media's report on Tibet?"
&gt; Most sane people want out of Iraq don't they?

Most sane people don't understand the consequences of such an action. Even Obama has said that the US won't be withdrawing on day 1 when he gets in. It's a shame that popular opinion is more important than facts these days. Luckily Obama is not just going for popularity, he has a little bit of common sense too.
One of the most difficult things I find to reconcile from my Western perspective, is the image of Eastern culture and it's people that I built up from studying Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism, compared to how to my limited exposure to actual Eastern culture and people in person, and a second impression that I gain of the culture from macroscopic observations; such as that what is essentially a dictatorship is able to control over 1.3 billion people, that workers are so widely exploited in those countries, and their highly insular politics. 

Oriental people consider an expression of emotion to be a really big deal, and so reserve such displays, valuing them very highly. However, in most Oriental philosophy I've read, overarching themes of 'flowing like water', 'concerning yourself with the here and now', 'seeing all things in balance', karma, et al, suggest to me an attitude of openness that I find hard to see sometimes in my overall view of the culture.

The Great Wall really is a symbol of China's world-view...or at least, it's world-view before globalisation through that world-view into upheaval. The first British traders were regarded as savages, and their manufactured wares rejected by the emperor. But since the West surprised China in tech and world-power, it seems their older world-view has come into conflict with their desire to catch-up. 

Do the hard-core Chinese power-cultures regard the Dalai Lama as a metaphysical threat because of his popularity in the West? The Dalai Lama might appear to them a model of values that by being so liked in the West, is essentially a threat to replace the existing Chinese values, that many of the hardcore Chinese want desperately to protect?

These are just questions of course. No implied rhetorical answer to them on my end.
[deleted]
I never said we should withdraw all our forces instantly, but we should make plans and solid dates as soon as we can.

No matter how long we stay, we can not stop the civil war from happening. Saddam only stopped it with brute force and murder and unless you want to do the same there is little we can do. We can at least give them their damn country back and let them do the best they can though.

Using the excuse that we have to stay in to stop the country falling apart is what has kept bush wrecking the place for FIVE YEARS. If we had pulled out in 2004 any problems would have played out by now. There will be blood - we cannot stop that. We can accept the blame though. It is our fault. We allowed Bush and Blair to get into power and we didn't stop them invading. We are to blame.

We should have left Iraq alone and we should leave Iraq alone as soon as possible. We should *start* withdrawing immediately. Any delays will just give the republicans the excuse to dig their claws in and even if you think you haven't had enough of that I can assure you - the world has.
&gt; What do you mean by "terrorism" in this context?

Suicide bombing, threatening, killing and torturing of anyone that disagrees with them, etc, etc.

There are loads of documented cases, for example:

http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/CD08DA78-5EBE-4A72-A4E1-01AA0561490C.htm

Notice how this is never mentioned in the MSM?

In reddit's eyes, monks cannot ever be violent - even after videos of the violence have been posted to reddit and gotten onto the front page. Religious extremists are religious extremists no matter what religion they belong to.
Ok, we can end it here then :).
You are mixing up timeframes.

Prior to China's invasion and annexation, Tibet did not have terrorists.  You said:

&gt;China provide money, protection and infrastructure to Tibet and help it to come out of its past of slavery and terrorism.

You were sating that there were some sort of terrorism *prior* to the invasion, that they were saved from terrorist attacks. It's familiar, it's very much like saying Iraq was full of WMDs before the invasion, so we were saved from terrorist attacks.  Please point to a single instance of terrorism prior to China's assault and invasion in '59.

As for slavery, the Tibetan peasants went from living traditional relatively poor nomadic lives that were referred to by the Chinese propaganda as slavery, to "freedom" which involved hard labor in forced work camps.  Being freed to work in the Gulag doesn't sound like more freedom.

I am fully aware that monks can be violent.  I actually have studied Buddhist history quite a lot, so I am aware of many different points of violence in Buddhist history in Japan, China, Burma, Tibet, etc.  In this case, given China's history of heinous abuse (forcing monks to sleep with nuns at gunpoint, forcing Tibetan children to execute monks, and so on, I think that violence in defense might be appropriate in some cases.

By the way, do you know what model the Chinese studied very carefully and read about in great detail in planning the Tibet invasion and occupation?  The read about the United States' dealings with the Native Americans, and emulated the American tactics for marginalizing and containing Tibetans while importing other populations into Tibet to make rectification impossible.

Please read up on what the Chinese did during the Cultural Revolution in Tibet before you get pissy that some Tibetans defend themselves from the Chinese.  Please read up on the Cultural Revolution in general, as well.  You are defending a country that perpetrated atrocities easily as horrific as those of the Nazis, but got away with it since the rapes, purges, concentration camps, and genocides were largely internal affairs.
&gt; Prior to China's invasion and annexation, Tibet did not have terrorists.

Cool, then that must make it the only country ever not to have had any terrorism at all! Such  a shame they ended their perfect record.
Well, if you do think there were terrorists in Tibet in the 1913-1959 period, perhaps you could offer a citation that substantiates this?  Tibet was no magic land of wonder and peace, but if you make those sorts of accusations that they had terrorists among them (an uncommon cultural phenomenon) you should be ready to back those accusations up.  I'm ready to back up everything I've said about China, for I remember the sources that I was thinking of as I wrote that. 

On a separate note, are you trying to defend Chinas' invasion , or just stir the pot?
I just think there are two sides to every story. You have only studied one of them if you believe that there were no terrorist events in Tibet before China invaded.

I don't want to defend anyone. I just think that spreading propaganda and lies is not the answer to any problem. I don't care which side does it, it's wrong. Currently, China and the Western media are spreading about as much propaganda as each other, and there are very few verifiable facts to back up either of their claims.
So what terrorist event perpetrated by Tibet before the invasion, are you thinking of?  Does it have a name?  Was it on a specific date?  I am afraid I don't have copies of whatever the Chinese Pravda is, so it's hard to say what the propaganda will look like.

FWIW, I am a Sinophile.  I Love Chinese art, Chinese food,  philosophy, literature, and most of the rest.  It is a very beautiful country.   You assume things about me that are not really accurate.  Actually I've studied Chinese history for quite a while, and spent more time on that than Tibetan History which is a strong suit.  I do not see any evidence of Tibetan terrorist acts from 1913-the later 1950s with a few very minor acts that a very uptight military type might label as terrorism.  

After the invasion some of those Tibetans that did resist turned to terrorism, as it is only logical for a serious underdog to use whatever tools they have on hand.

In all seriousness the incredible level of atrocities that were struck against the Tibetans were so heinous, that it is a miracle that the Tibetans as a whole did not have a full scale revolt.  It's worth reading a number of accounts to get a sense of what the Chinese were doing to the Tibetans.  The first and foremost used their religion against them in every way they can, they forced people to do improper things at gunpoint, they forced childern to shoot their parents, they forced monks to sleep with nuns, and they were used as a labor pool, and second class citizen, as Tibet was marketed to other Chinese to move into.  China's goal was to take away all Tibetan Character from Tibet, and they are working at it.

Summary:
Prior to China's invasion and annexation, Tibet did not have terrorists.
It was a living thing.
The Holy Roman Empire was neither Holy, nor Roman, nor an Empire.
&gt; Prior to China's invasion and annexation, Tibet did not have terrorists.
"past of slavery and terrorism."
The Roman empire was a thing.
China provide money, protection and infrastructure to Tibet and help it to come out of its past of slavery and terrorism.
Not all people in Tibet want independence.
They want independence, what difference does it make?
&gt; China provide money, protection and infrastructure to Tibet and help it to come out of its past of slavery and terrorism.
I don't want to defend anyone.
The US also brings "freedom" to other countries by invading them.
Most sane people want out of Iraq don't they?
&gt; Most sane people want out of Iraq don't they?
So what terrorist event perpetrated by Tibet before the invasion, are you thinking of?
Tibet is a lot more "free" now for many people than it was before it was part of China.
You have only studied one of them if you believe that there were no terrorist events in Tibet before China invaded.
Why would they need tibet to control it?
&gt;China provide money, protection and infrastructure to Tibet and help it to come out of its past of slavery and terrorism.
You said:

&gt;China provide money, protection and infrastructure to Tibet and help it to come out of its past of slavery and terrorism.
Imagine what would happen if the US withdrew from Iraq tomorrow.
"Imagine what would happen if the US withdrew from Iraq tomorrow."

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.15
