Original Response:
dim-witted government
Stupid, stupid, stupid.  It seems the new requirement for government work is a complete lack of brain activity.
I suppose next will be American born students needing TSA permission and get an equally blunt letter.

How do they do their research anyway?  Do they use some fancy algorithm like if your name has an even amount of characters:

bool threat = (strcnt(name) % 2 );
&gt; It seems the new requirement for government work is a complete lack of brain activity

Nah, it's not new...
The federal government is grasping at anything to prove to the public that their services are needed. As more citizens wake up to the needlessness of a violent coercive money sucking government the more violent and blood sucking the government gets. They are digging their own grave and I hope no graves will have to literally be dug when its all said and done.
No, not new- but it used to be optional.  ;-)
The TSA seems to fail at everything they set out to do.
Soon every citizen will be security threat. 1984 is not calling anymore, it's here.
FUCKIN' LETTERS SUCK!
Seems to me that they're either a threat and thus shouldn't be given any of the other privileges because they have some damning evidence against them, or they're not a threat and they should get a card. This is ridiculous we're becoming extremely xenophobic as a country, especially the government and I don't think that will serve us well in the long haul.
&gt;“It’s an unfortunate choice of words in a bureaucratic letter,” said Ellen Howe, a security agency spokeswoman.

Yeah.  It gives them too much warning before the SWAT team swoops down on them.
I have determed that George Bush poses a security threat.  Perhaps someone should send him a letter ;-)
&gt; She said she did not believe the denial letters would cause students any problems with visa renewal or airport security checks. 

Good luck! People at border crossings are being interrogated for much more mundane crap. If this kind of information shows up on your average immigration officer's computer screen you can be sure that these people will get into a lot of trouble. Remember that people are being held back, interrogated etc. just for having a particular name on a stupid no-fly list.
Fuck you America,Fuck you!
[deleted]
The TSA fools do not realize that today most of the high end research in fields like Oceanography is done by students across the big pond in our country. In essence, they are contributing to our economy and knowledge pool. One bad border incident and they are no longer going to be wanting to research here.  China , Singapore and other Asian tigers would welcome these students with open arms.    I would not want to go to a country if I am deemed a "security threat".   The sad part about this is the callousness displayed by TSA.  They know the wording can cause trouble to the students (by the TSA itself)  but care a damn.  How much does it take for them to send new letters out?  

Also, makes me wonder, if they were contractors for Blackwater,  would they have a letter sent out?
Your arguments would have more weight if you didn't wear your fundamentalism on your sleeve, my friend.

I believe that your hyperbolic tone accomplishes nothing but cause people to ignore you, unless they already agree.
Add this to the list of reasons that I am uneasy about traveling to the U.S. for work or recreation.

Speaking as a person who has lived less than 30 minutes away from the U.S. his entire life and has had many friends, good times and adventures on the U.S. side - I'm no longer interested in putting myself at risk by crossing over.

I'll admit it helps that the Tigers suck this year :)
This government doesn't even care anymore. DHS overtly digs through your bags whenever you make a flight.
This is why American Science programs are failing. For years we have depended upon foreign grad students to do all the heavy lifting. Now they will have to leave the USA and there are no replacements. You certainly can't expect Ameican slackers to get up from their vidoegames and go back to school to learn science.
And you can't expect a broken education system to produce anything but slackers.
The object of your anger is misdirected at the American people, rather than its Government, but I agree with your sentiment.  The US Government has turned completely xenophobic.  At this rate they're going to lose many intelligent and hard working foreign students, which might actually be their intention.  

Thankfully though, there's only 7 more months of Bush's unhinged Presidency left.  And, if McSame doesn't get voted into office, then things may well be looking up for the US.
But what about all the masses of foreign undergraduate students --  are they a security threat, too, or does this only apply to graduate academics at elite institutions?

Because my university has a huge international student body, with most students being from the Middle East, and it doesn't seem to be a problem here.
The people are dumb as bricks, and they voted fro the government.  Most people in the US are rednecks that would agree with the tone of the letter.
Downmodded because the sucky NYT site requires a membership to read it.
i came to germany to study a few weeks after nine-eleven. an arab guy i know who also came here in the same month as me received a letter from the university just after his arrival, which said that all his personal information was handed over to the criminal police (BKA) for screening purposes. This same guy had to spend a night in Kopenhagen in jail because his name was similar to that of a suspected terrorist. Tough luck.
Do I smell a new "I'm getting a kick out of these replies..." level internet meme?
Don't assume they don't realize it; more likely they don't care.
Not anymore it doesn't. Clear your browser cookies and perhaps it will work. I think this problem is common..
Good call.  un-downmodded appropriately.
Exactly. Not to label each and every single American citizen, but xenophobia and ignorance have always been part of the American Way.

Never forget George Bush was elected. Twice.
I wonder what a Federal blunt would be like...
You're statement irritates me because you are saying the the international grad students do everything while the American grad students do nothing and hence you've directly insulted me. I don't think you can make any real distinction between students once they are in grad school, at least in my experiences. Moreover, most of the top science and engineering schools are not compromised of purely international students. In my case there are about 50% of my program (at most) and the productivity is more or less evenly distributed, again in my experiences. Are there a lot lazy Americans that could care less about science, sure, but don't go and say that American graduate programs would be nothing without the international students.
The thing is, that the more governments treat these people differently, the less buy-in they have in the society.  So not only is it wrong to treat a class of people as dangerous, it is dangerous to treat a class of people that way.
*ring, ring* ...

"Hello?"
So,..is any information related to that added to their "file" once they are denied?..

Man,.. I've always had to run around getting a hundred forms signed/approved all year round just to be able to live.... 

I understand the need to track  all "foreign" students for safety concerns.. having some students check in with the local INS office everytime they leave/arrive in the country... get forms signed/approved every semester etc..

This is just tiring..

I know, might be unrelated to the topic.. but.
/rant
Let me put it in 'nicer' terms - there aren't enough americans like you to make up for the shortfall of foreign/international students in the US.
[deleted]
Actually they are a jobs program, existing only to attempt to justify their own existence and gobble up as much of the budget as they can.

So they are successful at achieving their *actual* goal.  It just happens to differ from the many goals they *state* they have when they send in their budget requirements.
All I heard was "blah blah blah I'm a lazy American grad student blah blah blah".
George Bush lost the popular vote in 2000.  And then there were electronic voting machine debacles in 2004.

http://www.ideamouth.com/politics/bbv/exit_poll.gif

[Bush's approval has slipped to 31 percent, and has been lower than 50 percent for 38 consecutive months.](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/05/12/AR2008051201073.html?hpid=topnews)

An all-time low.
Go right ahead.  Don't forget to indicate your name,  address,  telephone and other identifying information,  so they can send you a thank you card.  Then let us know how it went,  if you still can.
So not only are we pissing away our economy on murdering civilians in Iraq, but we're trying to increase the fearmongering and xenophobia to establish a reverse brain drain in order to ensure the U.S. has the lowest chances of recovery possible.

In the WWII era we started a decades-long brain drain on OTHER countries, and flourished as a result.  The U.S. has been the pre-eminent country for science ever since.

Now we're trying to dam up that flow, and do our darndest to ensure that even those *born* in the U.S. will want to expatriate themselves, and go somewhere more *free*.
Oh, boy, don't get me started on Bush vs. Gore and Scalia. I have far more ulcers than an 18 year old should :P. But, to that subject, the fact that the vote could be that close is disgusting in itself. 

I'm not actually speaking towards one particular presidency, but more towards an accepted attitude as a country. Any war results in far too massive civilian casualties and the American public needs to take this much, much closer to heart, instead of blinding accepting the position their country has as a superpower.
&gt; but more towards an accepted attitude as a country. Any war results in far too massive civilian casualties

Indeed.  I was shocked that there were so many pro-war people -- I thought we'd learned the lesson with Vietnam.  I think that's the worst part of the whole thing -- that we could have so many U.S. citizens in the 21st century *approving* of WAR, of all things.  Jesus H. Christ.

&gt; the fact that the vote could be that close is disgusting in itself.

It points to the fact that majority rule goes straight downhill when the majority of voters are stupid/evil.  They don't even get what they wanted, ironically, yet keep voting to fuck everyone over -- themselves included.
Ignorance and the refusal to accept new ideas is a powerful force, indeed.
Well, this winter when I graduate, it will have taken me a total 4.5 years to recieve a masters and PhD in chemical engineering  from a top ranking school. I really need to get off my ass and do something with my life. 

Thanks for playing.
Blah blah blah 4.5 years to get a Masters which normally takes 1 year blah blah IF I even graduate blah blah blah.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Maybe I'll be able to understand my TA then.
(Sorry couldn't help the troll.=) )
A system that gives a German guy $65,000 to study oceanography and then determines that said guy can get near ships and harbors at will is doomed. Sixty years ago the science in the USA thrived because they decided to employ Germans, who were mostly ex-nazis but also the best in their fields. And nowadays, they don't even accept regular Germans or even Brits? What is happening?
Funny how students are singled out as "threats" but the government has NO INTEREST in following the leads that Sibel Edmonds has been attempting to bring to their attention since 2002. I guess when the spies are well known from "friendly" countries, it's not such a big deal, ahem, Israel &amp; Turkey... Its those unknown unknowns that the government really worries about, not the known knowns, no matter how bad the known knowns are.
Way to show how pathetic and paranoid you are.
If you've ever handled a penny, the governement has your DNA.... let alone your address.
&gt;The people are dumb as bricks

But people that believe in nothing but stereotypes are above intellectual reproach.
[deleted]
Even if it doesn't show up on the screen, what's the chance that somewhere on the visa / immigration / customs / job application form down the track the wording appears:  "have you ever been determined to pose a security threat by a United States Authority" - and said application will then be duly denied or massively complicated by a truthful answer.

There should be a class action to force this wording to be officially withdrawn.
The TSA is scaring off foreign MIT students, *after* [Bunnie Huang warned about precisely this](http://www.bunniestudios.com/blog/?p=157) some time ago:

&gt;#Where Have All the Innovators Gone?
&gt;
&gt;People have often asked me, now that I have some perspective on China, what I think will happen to the US. Can we compete? Will we continue to lead? I’m quite bullish about the US in general, but I had an interesting reality check tonight. I’m at ISSCC 2007 right now (where I and my former colleagues at Luxtera had the honor of receiving an “outstanding paper” award for work presented at last years’ conference), and I was chatting with UCSD high speed integrated circuits professor Jim Buckwalter about the nature of the graduate student applications he has received.
&gt;
&gt;The statistics were astonishing. Of the thousands of applicants, only 80 were from the US. To put this in perspective, he had more applicants with the surname “Lee” alone than he had domestic applicants. And UCSD engineering is no slouch; according to the rankings they are #11 in engineering overall. Even more interesting is that apparently Korean students studying in the US get Korean-government sponsored fellowships–clearly that gives them an edge when considering who to take into your graduate program.
&gt;
&gt;The enormous disparity in domestic applicants to higher education in crucial fields such as high speed circuit design is a bit disturbing. With numbers like these, it is inevitable that the US will lose its edge in technology. I guess it wouldn’t be as bad if these foreign students actually stayed in the US and started companies, but my experience in China has shown that just about every company I talked to had US-educated management from schools like Berkeley and Stanford.
&gt;
&gt;Now, a protectionist mode of thought would suggest that we should put quotas on the number of foreign people we admit to our universities. That doesn’t work because US citizens don’t want to go to graduate school in electrical engineering, as evidenced by the paltry showing of domestic applicants, and forcing them in doesn’t make us more competitive in the global sense.
&gt;
&gt;As the son of Chinese immigrants born and raised in the cornfields of Michigan, clearly I’m disposed to argue that we should try harder to woo these brilliant foreign minds to graduate and set up shop here in the US. Back when my parents came, staying in the US was an easy decision, because China was not a land of opportunity. But in this new global economy, the US no longer has the monopoly on opportunity. That’s the big paradigm shift here that I think we aren’t internalizing. We are no longer “the land of opportunity”– we’re now just one of the better places to find an opportunity.
&gt;
&gt;When you don’t have a monopoly, it means there is competition. We need to compete to retain foreign talent, but instead, we hassle them away. I just wrote a green card recommendation for a brilliant photonic circuit designer. It seems weird that he has received such scrutiny and is going through such detailed background checks when anyone who lives in a border town like San Diego knows there is another easier way for immigrants to sneak into the country and make a living–and I have a feeling the guys sneaking in don’t have PhDs in electrical engineering. And it really bugs me that a brilliant Iranian circuit designer friend of mine just got interrogated by the FBI out of the blue, but presumably motivated because of current events in the world. He’s not a terrorist, and he doesn’t make nukes, despite his Farsi-sounding name. He is a core technical contributor in a US electronics company whose work has been critically peer-recognized as innovative and valuable. We should be rolling out the red carpet for these innovators, and not making them feel like aliens.
&gt;
&gt;While I understand the motivations of many of our immigration policies, it is becoming clear to me that in practice, something is broken here, and the loser will be the US. The beauty of a melting pot is that we have the opportunity to incorporate the best and brightest minds into our culture; instead we skim the cream and throw it away, simply because they are the easiest and most cooperative targets. The system is hassling the people who are educated, and rewards those who are not. This is because the educated ones know the rules and are held to a high standard, and those who don’t know the rules often are not well educated so they have well-meaning public advocates who try to represent and defend their interests.
&gt;
&gt;Of course, these privileged foreigners don’t need public advocates, and they don’t make a fuss, so their problems rarely garner the attention of the public eye. They are resourceful, self-sufficient, and they have other options–if the US gives them the run around, they can always take their good ideas and start a company back at home.

The point is, the "War on Terror" gets a lot of airtime, but in practical terms isn't all that serious of a concern.  The TSA is, at least theoretically, an asset in this conflict.

The economic fight, on the other hand, is very real and matters a great deal, unlike the WoT.  Here, the TSA is not merely an expensive white elephant, but is a large *liability* -- it hurts the United States.
[deleted]

Summary:
This government doesn't even care anymore.
The US Government has turned completely xenophobic.
The U.S. has been the pre-eminent country for science ever since.
So not only is it wrong to treat a class of people as dangerous, it is dangerous to treat a class of people that way.
How much does it take for them to send new letters out?
This is why American Science programs are failing.
I don't think you can make any real distinction between students once they are in grad school, at least in my experiences.
I wonder what a Federal blunt would be like...
I think this problem is common..
The people are dumb as bricks, and they voted fro the government.
It seems the new requirement for government work is a complete lack of brain activity.
&gt; but more towards an accepted attitude as a country.
I have determed that George Bush poses a security threat.
They know the wording can cause trouble to the students (by the TSA itself)  but care a damn.
I really need to get off my ass and do something with my life.
But in this new global economy, the US no longer has the monopoly on opportunity.
I would not want to go to a country if I am deemed a "security threat".
Most people in the US are rednecks that would agree with the tone of the letter.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.11
