Original Response:
[deleted]
I wish they'd deport some [cunt chavs](http://youtube.com/watch?v=rqEF-t4h_d4) instead.
"So, you're a terrorist? Well, we are happy to have you. What? We killed your wife? Yes sir, I'm afraid you have to leave." If an immigrant commits a crime immigration services always claim they don't have the power to deport him, yet we kill some guys wife and make him leave. This government is f****** my off.
There honestly ought to be some sort of generalized law against compounding people's misfortune and misery like this.
Immigration has become a political football in the UK. The Labour government, desperate to cling to power, will kick all the political footballs it can reach.

This government, and the bureaucracy it gives rise to, has lost compassion. If you don't fulfill a quota, you lose.

This story is similar to a Ghanian woman who was in a Cardiff hospital receiving treatment for malignant melanoma. Knowing that her treatment could not continue in Ghana, she was deported from the UK in February and she died a month later. [ http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/cancertreatment-mother-dies-after-deportation-798531.html ]

The story was widely reported and the fact that this would kill her was known, but the government is too eager to please tabloid readers by seeming "tough on immigration".
I appreciate your sentiment, although I'm not as keen on your choice of language :) (sorry)

I've always found it unbelievable that the attitude of certain sectors of my country (Britain (England to be exact)) are strongly against immigrants who, for the most part are willing to work and contribute; and supportive of nationals, where a substantial number are choosing to sponge off the welfare state.

To be clear, I love the concept of the welfare state: if someone is truly unable to work (whether it's temporary or permanent), I want to support them.  If someone needs a hand while they're looking for a job, again, this is a good thing to do and I would be grateful of a safety-net myself, should I ever need it.  I've recently had medical tests, and although I know that there is room for improvement in the NHS, actually they saw me quickly and were really helpful - quite proud of the NHS at the moment, although I accept that this is based on the fact that it worked well for me.

However, I have a problem with the situation where I am struggling to live (I'm currently finishing my Ph.D.) and to make ends meat I have been working 16 hours a day for a number of months. Actually I'd be better off if I'd been caught in some criminal activity so that I'd spent a couple of years in gaol, or gone off and had a number of kids by several partners and lived off the child benefits (although I'd have lost my self respect doing either)

Again, lets not penalise the children, it's hardly their fault that their parents are lazy (and, again, to be clear, there are a number of reasons where parents cannot work, and I have no problem helping people with valid reasons ... it is pretty much only laziness that I resent)

I guess it's the lack of self respect in this country at the moment that is the root cause of the problems.

I wonder if the councils can find work that people can do from their homes.  If this could be done, then people may end up feeling that they achieved something.  I know that there are more fun things in life than doing a job, but there is a sense of achievement from earning your reward.  Earning - rather than hand outs - might increase the self respect generally.  And increased self respect is a good thing.

Certainly the society I want to live in would have room for anyone who wants to work and contribute, and would have genuine incentives to work rather than sponge.

Comments welcome ... would love to know if I'm wrong.
Disclaimer:
This is (trying to be) more a commentary on the main-stream media, not so much on this case.

The trouble is that the media in Britain is not balanced and there is a large amount of lazy journalism ... I don't feel like I've been told enough about this case.  Of course I feel compassion for this father ... to lose your partner and be thrown out of your home is awful ... but I only feel like I've heard his point of view.  I wonder if I would be as convinced if I saw all the evidence that the immigration service has.  I accept that I may well still be as convinced (if not more) ...   Mostly I hate that the media, and especially the papers, only ever tells me one side of any story ... I guess that's why I read reddit though :)  Thank you reddit.
This guy had no reason to stay in the UK. He didn't have any relatives in the country, he hadn't any real sort of life in the country and worst of all, he was away from his son.
A law that actually makes sense? Hahahahaha.
But then she came over to the UK wanting hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of treatment for free. The UK can't afford these kinds of 'tourists' bankrupting the NHS so have to take a hardline approach.

The UK does give free treatment to EU citizens but that's only because of a reciprocal treatment agreement (eg, spanish get sick in UK, UK pays for treatment, Brit gets sick in Spain, Spain pays for treatment) 

Most countries wouldn't even have started the treatment if it wasn't paid for.
Hello liberal bleeding heart. As you say the 'concept' of the welfare state is precisely that a concept. It is an ideal that is never reached in reality. Why? Because humans are inherently lazy and selfish (barring few unique exceptions).

The 'chavs' of society are those who coast along, one could say 'trapped', but I think a situation in which they receive enough from the state to keep themselves fed, warm and housed is a situation most of us wouldn't mind having.

They need an incentive to get off their asses. Giving them housing and welfare payments is not an incentive. It's a disincentive, and as soon as it's removed we might see more of them work as hard as the immigrants who come here and hold several jobs just to get ahead in this inwards looking country.
but we're penalising no one and we've a large portion of a generation of kids growing up who are frankly, little shits. 

Kids need discipline from somewhere. Parents are refusing to do it, schools can't do it and even police only have limited powers because the law system is based around the principle of 'kids who commit crimes are victims themselves'
That is simply untrue. She came to the UK in 2003 and became a student. She stayed in the UK on a student visa. She didn't become ill until 2006, while in the UK.

Her visa was only revoked when she went to Ghana in 2005 to attend a memorial service for her husband.

[ http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/wales/7354912.stm ]

She was not a tourist, she lived in the UK for 5 years before being deported, and only became ill while she was in the UK.
She had no right to seek work in the UK. She was allowed in specifically on the understanding that she didn't seek work. She broke the terms of her visa, which was why it was revoked.

She had no right to be in the country, she was for all intents and purposes, a tourist.
What the government did amounts to a death penalty, plain and simple.

And there's cunts like you that are happy with it.  wow.
She had the same rights as any other immigrant to live in the UK. She had no rights, under a student visa, to seek work. She wasn't "allowed in" on any understanding: the student visa she was in the UK under did not allow her to work.

Tourists have every right to be in the country they are visiting (which is why they are encouraged, not persecuted). She was not a tourist and did not have a tourist visa. She wanted to work, but the government prevented her from doing so. She could have paid more tax, but the terms of her visa prevented her from doing so.

As far as I see it, her terminal illness meant that if she was deported she would die. The UK could have saved her life, but did not. This government is responsible for her death by preventing treatment that could have been given. It doesn't matter what visa she lived in the UK on previous to her illness. That she would have died in Ghana (and did die in Ghana) meant that the government should have changed her status to save her life.
&gt;liberal bleeding heart

well spotted :) sorry, I am a dirty-lefty ;)

&gt;Because humans are inherently lazy and selfish

very sad - but I fear you're right :(

&gt;one could say 'trapped'

I guess that it is perceived that people are trapped ... there is a real difficulty for people where jobs are scarce ... and I'm not sure that moving across the country is necessarily a sensible option ... it tends to end up being a moth and flame kind of situation ... happened a lot in the 1800s.

&gt;Giving them housing and welfare payments is not an incentive

agreed ... the difficulty is who you penalise by removing them though

My gut feeling is that it would be the kids more than the parents that would suffer if it was switched off ... which would perpetuate the cycle (I think ... although it can be argued that the cycle is perpetuating "well" already and it's the kids who are currently being corrupted by a lazy background ... going to have to go and do some research on that one :S  views welcome though :) )

It's how best to break that perpetuating cycle ... and welfare aid for working at home may be a solution, although it would more commonly be called a wage :) ... I think that any change will be unpopular, so I guess that it'll never happen - darn politics :(

&gt;and as soon as it's removed we might see more of them work as hard as the immigrants who come here and hold several jobs just to get ahead in this inwards looking country

I agree that our society has got too inward looking and we seem very willing to accept that things are "owed" to us ... and I guess life doesn't owe us anything - but helping people to see that is not necessarily trivial.

However, I'm not sure that I subscribe to the Thatcherite attitude that you can always make life better by working hard ... people lose their livelihoods due to reasons beyond their control (as well as their own incompetence) ... there is an element of luck ... but I would agree that you have to try, and it's for those that try and are unfortunate that I feel happy about helping.

I accept that deciding the categories of who have genuinely tried, who are unable and who are lazy is non-trivial, and that it's this, at least in part, that is wrong with the welfare system.
Thank you for your thoughts :)

&gt;Kids need discipline from somewhere

Agreed :)

&gt; schools can't do it

agreed ... too many laws restricting them.  Besides, I'm not sure that we can really expect teachers to be more than just a part of the solution

&gt; and even police only have limited powers

By the time that the police are involved, it's probably too late already.

&gt; Parents are refusing to do it

and there is one of the biggest problems :(  I guess I was trying to ask (albeit in a convoluted and obvious fashion) what the solution is.

I think that we, as a society, have managed to simultaneously added rights for kids and removed responsibility from them ... could it be that the solution is as simple as removing the rights of kids, or adding responsibility to them?  and if so, how can that be achieved?  I guess any change like that will be fairly unpopular with the civil liberties groups :S
get off my lawn
change the record, it's been the same tune for every generation since the war at least.
It's more of a case of you get what you pay for.
Certainly, I go through massive effort to stay within the visa conditions of my host countries and I have little sympathy for those who don't.  I was initially surprised at the report, because it didn't mention that she was not a citizen, just that she was working at the hospital so I assumed she was.  As far as I remember, under the EEA treaty if you are living in any EEA country married to a member country citizen for longer than a year before they die, then you retain the right to remain there.  In this case, it seems like she wasn't a citizen yet (far from it) so this doesn't apply to them.

Also, if you are the non-EEA parent of a EEA child, which this one was, in order not to break the family you are allowed to stay, but in this case he wasn't even the active father, but it was probably hard to do so if he didn't have the right to work.
Yeah I find it hard that people think other people must have a right to leech on the many many thousands of pounds of NHS related tax many I have spent for humanitarian reasons.  I could have used that money to school the children of entire villages of people in Africa who needs it instead of having to pay for people who flout their visa conditions and expect free treatment.

Personally I'd much rather do away with the free treatment and allow the foreigners who are willing to work to stay.  Then we wouldn't have this sort of problem.
We should allow and encourage teenagers to work.  They're very capable of taking on responsibility if given it properly, but in the UK they have no recognition and absolutely bugger all to do except to loiter, drink, break, fight, smoke and get pregnant.

Living on farms, teenagers are very capable with many of the tasks.

More importantly, if they work it will give them financial freedom, to spend on sneakers, games, girls, gadgets, clothes, music, etc. and having to rely less on their parents of money and grow up to rely on the government for money.
Having lost everything I've had and started over a few times in my younger life, I can attest that it's mostly one's own doing.  I had to bear the brunt of it since I was living in a country with no welfare state.  The first time I moved back in with friends and family for a few months, the second time I had access to debt.  Both times I learned a lot more about life then most of the rest of my life.

Even when entire industries collapse, the hardest workers always have a job.  The problem is that this concept of personal responsibility is almost becoming such a completely lost idea in the UK and I got sick of having to pay so much tax for people to have that kind of luxury, and left last year.

Teenagers should be encouraged to work, they are bored out of their skulls, the responsibility will be good for their self worth and the money won't hurt, and it'll start a good pattern.
Labour are so right wing they make the BNP look like the Communisty Party.
Surely there is a balance between being "bleeding heart" and being a douchebag that cares for noone?

What about someone who gives a shit about others?
could it be that because he had no relatives, he had to send his son back home so he can look after his wife's case? he did intend to build a life in the UK for him and his son.

things aren't as black and white as they seem.
[deleted]
It is probably more about individuals and departments meeting quotas. When your department depends on meeting a quota, then you will go for the easy targets, which often turn out to be the targets that provide *least* benefit to the original intention of your target.
Yes, we should pay for every person's treatment from every other country!
Erm. She did not have the same rights as any other immigrant.

She had no right to work, she was allowed to stay in the country for a maximum of 5 years whilst she was studying. She tried to work despite being under instruction not to (which was why the visa was revoked).

The government wasn't responsible for her death in any way. Not only wasn't she a UK citizen, she broke the terms of her entry to the country. The NHS has a fixed budget, it cannot afford to pay for expensive treatment for everyone who enters the country.

If the UK government decided she could stay for treatment, it would set a precedent and thousands of people could come to the UK seeing expensive treatment and it would cripple the NHS. Not only this, they would have to stay in the UK on benefit over the months the treatments usually take.
It's because it isn't free, maybe you'll understand that sometime.
How exactly is the NHS supposed to survive with hundreds of thousands of people, who will never pay any tax, nor will their family, demanding expensive treatment without paying?

It's incredibly rare for a UK civilian to go through their entire life without paying tax. It's rarer still that they don't have family members paying tax.

Not even tourists get free treatment (aside from EU countries which 'swap' treatment of citizens), if you fall ill on holiday and go to hospital, the NHS will send you, or your insurance company the bill.
in which case it would *still* be in his best interest to leave. As the report said, he had no life in the UK. Other than potentially leeching off of benefits, he would be better suited living in his own country.
Are you implying that they killed this man's wife on purpose?
&gt; The trouble is that the media in Britain is not balanced and there is a large amount of lazy journalism

You are right, but I think there's more to it.  For instance, the newspaper with the biggest diffusion is the Daily Mail, which is absolutely malignant.  Its long running campaign against immigrants is similar to its campaign against Jews before the second world war.

So, just in case you don't hate the media enough, here's a quote for you:

&gt; The way stateless Jews from Germany are pouring in from every port of this country is becoming an outrage.  (Daily Mail, 20th of August 1938).

I had to sit down the first time I saw that one, I think it says all there is to know about this newspaper.
Honestly, what is the big deal? His wife died so he lost the justification to stay in Britain. The fact that another part of the government was responsible for the death of his wife is inconsequential.

If a pilot goes blind, I'd like to bar him from flying planes. Allowing him to continue flying "to ease his wretched state" just does not make sense
&gt; She had no right to work, she was allowed to stay in the country for a maximum of 5 years whilst she was studying. She tried to work despite being under instruction not to 

That's the only way to do it, and I know about a dozen Aussies and Kiwis that have done just that. They need a employer sponsor to have their visa switched and the only way to do it is to find one while on the non-working visa.
This guy probably gave up a very good job here in the Philippines  for that chance to work in the UK with his wife. And I am quite sure that he will not be able to return to that former job, or even a similar one, when he returns here. The level of unemployment and underemployment in the Philippines is such that when someone resigns, he seals his fate. And to think he sacrificed all to be in the service of a country, and a people, that cared not one whit whether his family lived, died, or even existed.
No, of course not. I'm just saying that we are quick to deport someone because of a mistake we have made, but when it comes to religious extremists who are a threat to us, we allow them to remain.
A fruitful discussion on the interwebs :)

There's nothing dirty about being a 'lefty', there might be something suspect about affiliating with one political dogma without question but that's another thread altogether.

How to fix the disadvantaged members of society is an age old question, but you're right, penalizing doesn't really work.

Someone once said, 'you can judge a society by how it treats its prisoners'. I believe that our use of the term 'penal code' sums up society's attitude. A reform code, where we educate and rehabilitate would be far better.
After all, it would be no bad thing to lay guilt trips on those in prison, welfare, etc. and help them see the errors of their ways.

As to concrete solutions, apart from education I think compulsory National Service would be a good start. One thing which might remove our impression that society owes us something is a short tenure serving it.

Your last sentence sums it up, you can't easily decide those who genuinely need welfare from those who don't. However there is much scope for reform - the UK government for instance doesn't allow a person claiming benefit to work at all. A more prudent solution would be to give a person less welfare and allow them to work part-time whilst they seek a full-time job.

Summary:
She had the same rights as any other immigrant to live in the UK.
She had no right to seek work in the UK.
She did not have the same rights as any other immigrant.
She was not a tourist and did not have a tourist visa.
She stayed in the UK on a student visa.
She had no rights, under a student visa, to seek work.
The UK could have saved her life, but did not.
She wanted to work, but the government prevented her from doing so.
It's more of a case of you get what you pay for.
The government wasn't responsible for her death in any way.
She had no right to work, she was allowed to stay in the country for a maximum of 5 years whilst she was studying.
This guy had no reason to stay in the UK.
&gt; She had no right to work, she was allowed to stay in the country for a maximum of 5 years whilst she was studying.
She had no right to be in the country, she was for all intents and purposes, a tourist.
She wasn't "allowed in" on any understanding: the student visa she was in the UK under did not allow her to work.
She tried to work despite being under instruction not to (which was why the visa was revoked).
This government is responsible for her death by preventing treatment that could have been given.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.13
