Here are the selected sentences:

Your father sounds like the type who will not be swayed out of his beliefs. As many people say on reddit, "you can't reason someone out of a belief that they didn't reason themselves into."

Is there any big harm in him trying to build one himself? In my opinion, this is the best way for him to see that it doesn't work.

That should be a good enough reason.

Infinite energy machines are impossible, and monopole magnets have yet to be demonstrated to my knowledge. You can throw facts around all you want but that is the problem with conspiracy theorists, facts don't matter. Any evidence against the conspiracy is simply fabricated by the conspiracy, so have an uphill fight ahead of you.

Not only have we not found magnetic monopoles but we know that they would catalyze nuclear fusion if they did exist. No one is expecting to find them.

Except that most of these machines are NOT over-unity, but make it _seem_ like it when they act on forces most people haven't heard of.

You can really examine why it seems to work, or why someone would believe in it. You have to understand what their misunderstanding is to be able to correct it.

Oh, also your dad is not alone. There are tens of thousands of similar hobbyists trying to find a working "free energy device." Nobody has yet succeeded.

Take a look at page 7 http://www.osti.gov/bridge/servlets/purl/6265022-vA2YGM/

The Bedini devices really do "work," in that the voltage of the battery will rise during operation. That's why there's so much continuing online bru-ha-ha about these crazy devices.

Why not just take a battery out and drain it while measuring voltage and current? Do a little integration and there's your energy. If it was initially charged in the same way then you could calculate the difference.

Free energy is a sacred cow to the hardcore proponents on the internet. Such a simple proof of (insert your device)'s failure just falls on deaf ears.

Yeah, I was just saying that you can measure the energy stored in batteries. I know free energy is bullshit.

Doesn't work.

Oh yeah like a billion percent fair to say that. Oh man. That would be just...It'd be like a hill with negative slope no matter which way you went up it but was somehow not a crater. Or like a reverse waterfall.