Here is the extracted summary:

http://www.livestrong.com/thedailyplate/nutrition-calories/food/generic/plum-raw/

It seems like the plum does not provide much nutrients.

I don't need to lose weight, the quantity of vitamins in this fruit is small (I take a multivitamin and try to eat with daily requirements in mind), I consume a lot of water (at least 2L/day) and regardless of the presence of antioxidants, they do not have a significant benefit (assuming I'm getting a healthy amount).

What I'm trying to get at is **if I'm watching my caloric and nutritional intake what benefits do fruits provide?**

A large portion of the calories in this food come from sugars.

I figured someone would state that I'm generalizing to all fruits but I tried to have the focus mostly on plums.

If I'm watching my intake and getting my nutrients, what benefits do fruits provide?

The good: This food is very low in Saturated Fat, Cholesterol and Sodium. It is also a good source of Dietary Fiber, Vitamin A and Vitamin K, and a very good source of Vitamin C.

I am not a nutritionist, but my understanding is you can get an array of minerals and vitamins from them that other sources do not cover as well.

A lot of fruits contain antioxidants, and various other useful compounds.

Also, they taste good.

Fruits also have other benefits, such as their sugars don't cause a sudden spike in blood sugar levels and require less insulin to maintain.

Think of it this way. You can cut things out of your diet, but eating them is easier.

Any value in the idea that there are phytochemcials in fruits and vegetables which aren't very well understood yet, but probably good for us? (or is this just wheatgrass-promoting pseudo-science?)

Firstly, there's a good amount of evidence that multivitamins are not as bioavailable as natural sources; don't stop taking your multivitamin, but don't assume it provides everything you need.

Secondly, natural compounds within fruit allow for greater vitamin/mineral absorption; eg citrus bioflavanoids.

Thirdly, natural fiber and sugar. They greatly help stabilize blood suger levels; diabetics are recommended to eat fruits as opposed to processed sugars when they have low blood sugar for this reason.

Fourthly, antioxidants. You seem to be think these are not so important ("regardless of the presence of antioxidants"), but these may be the *biggest* reason to eat fruits.

Also, antioxidants help against free radicals which are small particles flying through your body and destroying cells by ripping through them.