Here is the extracted summary:

Tried to google it but didn't know exactly how to word the question to get a legit answer.

Also, are there some objects that glow longer than others? 

To answer your second question, yes, different phosphorescent molecules exhibit different lifetimes and quantum yields.

Yes, but it depends on your toy.

If its a glow stick then it is caused by chemiluminescence. A chemical reactions that produces mostly light and little heat.

If it lights up in the dark time after time then the effect is called phosphorescence. These molecules absorb/emit light very slowly.

I have a ball we use to play fetch called "buddy glow ball" and I like to put it on the lamp lightbulb but I tend to forget its there (the lightbulb never gets too hot).

So, the things that make a glow in the dark toy glow are called phosphors. That's a generic term, but the most common one is Zinc sulfide with a 5 ppm copper activator.

When you leave the toy in the light, the energy is stored in a crystalline lattice. Closed system, photons flowing in and out, it should be pretty much permanent, right?

I think your SO's concern is that if you leave it next to the lamp for so long, you're degrading the molecule for no gain, as it is likely fully "charged" - meaning the group of molecules have been excited to some steady state where the number of excitations matched the number of relaxations.

You can test this, if you have another of these toys, by keeping one half lit for a long time (a week? a month? something) and covering the other half, then seeing if you can notice a difference in the brightness of the two sides after a uniform charge.

I think your SO's concern is that if you leave it next to the lamp for so long, you're degrading the molecule for no gain, as it is likely fully "charged" - meaning the group of molecules have been excited to some steady state where the number of excitations matched the number of relaxations.

Yes, your SO is right in that photobleaching (or phosphor degradation) is a real phenomenon and can cause your ball to lose its glow (as more and more molecules are rendered inactive).