Here is the extracted summary:

I understand delivery would be a bit complicated but is there any way this could work?

Yes.

Well here is the thing. We can give drugs that are structurally similar to our hormones called an analogue.. but without the proper receptor for it, proper response from an activated receptor, and furthermore the correct genetic translation.... it still won't be effective.

No it is not possible for a human-chimp hybrid or a chimp carrying a human embryo for several reasons. Additionally, human-chimp hybrids are not attempted for moral and ethical reasons.

Despite sharing so much DNA our chromosome numbers are different. This makes successfull hybridization very difficult in mammals (not so difficult in plants) "Human and chimpanzee chromosomes are very similar. The primary difference is that humans have one fewer pair of chromosomes than do other great apes. Humans have 23 pairs of chromosomes and other great apes have 24 pairs of chromosomes...There are nine other major chromosomal differences between chimpanzees and humans: chromosome segment inversions on human chromosomes 1, 4, 5, 9, 12, 15, 16, 17, and 18.".

Successful (the offspring are fertile) hybridization evens occur when species are more closely related. Humans and Chimps are not even in the same genus. Genus - Genus matings are extremely rare.

1. Hybridization is not what OP was asking about

2. Birthing wouldn't be possible but surgery could be an option in that regard. 

3. Gestational difference of one month is not so significant that this would rule out proper development, though I don't know exactly how the hormones differ. 

4. A fetus is always foreign, due to differences in MHC molecules. There are various safeguards at the placenta to ensure the fetus isn't recognized and attacked by the mother's immune system.

As best I can tell this is a real possibility. Although I'm not aware of any experiments involving humans or chimps, interspecific pregnancy is an actual thing that has potential applications in rescuing endangered species or as an alternative to a surrogate mother. 

Compatibility of the two species has to do with what type of placenta is produced. Humans and higher-order primates have hemochorial placentation, which means the mothers blood is in contact with the chorion.

One last question. Through gene manipulation would it be possible to engineer a human-great ape hybrid, such as engineering a Bonobo to carry human chromosonal traits? And if that could be done would it then be possible to have cross breeding?