Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

Look up cosmic distance ladder on youtube for a complete description, but yes, relatively close stars are measured with paralax. Measure the position of a star, then measure it again six months later when the Earth has moved 300 million km, and use the change in angle to calculate distance.

Things that are farther away are measured with what are called standard candles, where we compare how bright something looks with how bright that type of thing actually is.

One method is based on the doppler effect:

Because of the expansion of the universe, stars that are more distant get away from us at a faster speed that are closer to us. Now the doppler effect tells us that objects that go away from us emit light that is shifted toward lower wavelengths (it's the same effect that creates the pitch difference between an ambulance that is coming towards you and one that is going away. Coming = high pitch; going = low pitch. The faster it goes away, the lower the pitch).

This is one possible method. [Parallax can be used too](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parallax) by making a measurement on one day and one 6 months later.

How do you determine what type of thing it is, to know what color it should be?

>stars that are more distant get away from us at a faster speed that are closer to us.

I assume you mean galaxies here. The expansion of the universe only works for scales larger than our local supercluster, which doesn't include stars in our galaxy.

Our most reliable standard candle for extragalactic distances is a supernova 1a. This supernova occurs when a white dwarf accretes mass up to the Chandrasekhar Limit.

More generally there are relationships that have been discovered between things like the period of pulsations and the luminosity of a certain type of variable star.

Hubble's constant is about 70+/-2 km/s/Mpc so an error of about 3%. This would give you approximately a 3% error on distance purely from the constant.