Here is the summary:

In terms of purely physical attractiveness, I seem to see so many heterosexual couples where the female is much more attractive than the male (in my subjective opinion).

If we say that attractiveness roughly follows a bell curve in males, then there are lots of 3-7s and many fewer 1-2s and 9-10s. There are about as many 9-10s as 1-2s though. In my experience, the curve for women is skewed towards the higher end of attractiveness.

What is "attractive" or "beautiful" is entirely subjective, as you note in your question.

The possibility that we can scientifically say that women are getting "more attractive" is silly, for one main reason; what is "attractive" or "beautiful" is entirely subjective, as you note in your question.

Another explanation of your observation is that you just find females more attractive than males.

Then those ratings were treated as measurements of objective attractiveness, because they were - and this is a direct quote from Kanazawa's article - "not self-reported".

You're right, social psychology isn't real science.  Oh wait...

does that include studies that suggest beauty to be correlated with certain ratios and proportions?

I think if I were to raise actual criticisms, I wouldn't be concerned with sample size, but with things like whether males are simply more likely to signal attraction than females are (iirc it is based on ratings - it notifies the owner of the profile if someone has rated them 4 or 5 stars, and notifies both parties if they rate each other 4 or 5 stars), whether males feel more comfortable just going around ogling profiles and clicking the equivalent of "niiice" instead of poking fun at profiles for a laugh (basically, the intent they have when they start searching), and things like that.

Those studies, in my experience, tend to make it very clear that when they're talking about "beauty" they're talking about other individuals' perceptions of attractiveness. So, no, it doesn't.

hmm maybe I dont understand what you mean.

You said beauty was entirely subjective so we couldnt determine if women were getting more and more attractive. But it seemed like studies suggested that beauty was correlated with ratio proportions. Closer to a certain proportion, the more a person was likely to be found attractive.  So wouldn't that mean that saying beauty is entirely subjective is a bit misleading?