Here is the extracted summary:

Dude: health/bio has the most moneys, especially things like cancer research. These types of research use a lot of consumables and in larger labs, require someone dedicated to looking after ordering, finances and haggling over price.

Well, astronomy would probably be my first choice. I've always loved the whole space thing.

For example, you could be a quality assurance guy for a lab or a public health department, or you could do data entry for a scientist and learn enough to move to cooler things. I think they also have college programs for research management.

Try labs, since govt funding is usually in 5 year cycles, they haven't been devastated by the great recession yet.

I reckon I'm pretty adept with DSP, if it's dealing with frequencies. I'd probably need to take a refresher course to re-learn some of the mathematics, but it's do-able.

I can read simple diagrams and my soldering skills are laughable at best. But, I could probably work around that reasonably fast.

I think aiming for astronomy will be hard in this case.  Jobs for highly skilled postdocs are rare enough, and there's not much in-between.

What I was just wondering was how would one go about getting a job with an international body, say the UN, to help out with science.

Yeah, well astronomy is definitely far fetched. Any scientific field would do really, except maybe pharmacology (though I don't want to be too picky). Like I said, I don't mind digging up dirt, polishing lenses, making orders / deliveries. Anything.

Apply in US, UK or Canada, maybe Europe, but they're don't have as much money.

I imagine working for some telescope would be possible.  eleitl will have to help me out with that, but I imagine not everyone who works for a telescope has a PhD.

edit: http://keckobservatory.org/about/employment
check out here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_optical_reflecting_telescopes for a bunch of telescopes, then check out their homepages.  They all must have onsite staff.