Here are the selected sentences:

Any insight into this question would be much appreciated.

Its something like 1.5 billion heartbeats and most living organisms are around that mark.

However, this does not actually give the cause of senescence.

There are a number of hormones and genes attributed to affecting senescence but no confirmed complete view of what causes length of life.

Depends which out of metabolism or heartbeat you pick as the cause and the effect I suppose!

In my opinion this sounds logic but it probably is only one of *many* different causes.

This isn't an entire answer to your question, but there are evolutionary reasons behind why animals produce many offspring that die young while others produce few that live a long time (a.k.a. low and high fecundity).

I'm not sure if your hypothesis is true or not, but if we extrapolate from what we know about fecundity, it would make sense that a large predatory animal has opportunities to live longer while a smaller animal of prey might produce a lot of offspring that die young (and do its best to reproduce early in case it bites the dust).

Lifespan is something that like all traits is under natural selection.

In cats and dogs, however, it's a bit more messy because they've been subject to artificial selection.

[Telomeres]!

This is just a correlation, one that most of the biogerontology community rejects at this point.

Currently, the major theories are either telomere shortening (major problems are here though, #1 of which is that some animals like mice express telomerase and still have very short lives), oxidative stress (metabolism, but doesn't explain everything), and the more general "stress resistance", which seems like the favorite right now.

And what about booty size?

Here's some more links relating to that theory:

[Basal Metabolic Rate (Longevity)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basal_metabolic_rate#Longevity)

[Of Mice and Elephants: A Matter of Scale](http://hep.ucsb.edu/courses/ph6b_99/0111299sci-scaling.html)

A cat will out live a dog because of how it maintains it's body.

If you look through the animal kingdom, you'll find the majority of the animals that live a longer life, are the ones that take better care of themselves.

Exercise decreases resting heart rate so over all it is way healthier