It's a sad day when the administration from 30 years ago is doing a better job promoting diplomacy than the current one.

We negotiate with bank robbers; I don't see how this is different.

Not talking with people we disagree with is just the excuse we use to justify using the negotiation tools of our choice: oppression and violence.

Are they occupied? YES

Does every occupied nation have the right to fight for its freedom? YES

For every Israeli killed, at least 10? 20? 30 palestinians are killed? That has to foment some anger and seems just a wee bit unbalanced/unreaonable/outright wrong.

The decision not to even enter into talks is intended to permanently vilify Hamas, etc.

The US does not talk to Hamas because Israel forbids it, and the US is Israel's bitch.

Talking doesn't mean giving ground or admitting defeat, it only means entering into a dialogue so that both sides know what will happen if each does x.

In a world of rational humans, people are all rational, they just operate under different sets of goals and norms.

There is no such thing as pure evil (only conflicting interests) and so negotiation is always a good idea.

Israel knows they cannot hang onto the old part of Jerusalem in the same way the Pals know that the right of return will never happen.

Israel knows that they cannot have the entire West bank, as the Pals know they cannot too.

Hamas says it won't necessarily accept the results of any Palestinian referendum on peace with Israel.

Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal, in an apparent softening of the group's position, was confirming an account of his remarks given by former U.S. President Jimmy Carter after two meetings in Damascus over the weekend.

"We accept a state on the June 4 line with Jerusalem as capital, real sovereignty and full right of return for refugees but without recognizing Israel," Meshaal told reporters, referring to the borders as they stood before the 1967 war.

The US never gave a shit about Cuba, the US gave a shit about Communism.

The isolation was to stop the spread of communism around the world . . . not to change Cuba.

The point was that if we had simply talked with them and let the "golden rays of free commerce" shine in you might have seen movements for change (maybe ::gasp:: even peaceful ones) that could have brought the country a lot further.

Cuba has a lot to offer the US and the world but they've been held back by the EXTREMELY out dated foreign US policies.

It's not that "we" are insecure, it's because there's no MONEY in it (Peace).

That's what active politics has been reduced to.

Wars are supposed to stimulate the economy.

Funny how the Iraq war has had the opposite effect...

The US does not talk to Hamas because Israel forbids it, and the US is Israel's bitch.

The British Government talked to the IRA, and, lo, the bombings stopped and the terrorists became politicians.

It's not cheap.

Think of all the regional independence movements who would *love* to have the U.S. involved in their disputes, if only to give their cause recognition.

When we indicate that the way to get us to take a seat at the negotiation table is to blow up civilians, we encourage the violent elements of those groups at the expense of the more civil ones.

The only way this can happen is behind closed doors where everything is agreed before we're told what’s going to happen.

And this is the problem with not speaking to Hamas - they represent a fairly large proportion of the Pals and as such need to be in on the agreements being discussed.

Otherwise they'll just scupper the chances of any deal working or worse, resist not just the Israeli occupation but the 'undemocratic' agreement reached without them - civil war.

To be honest, I think the pals are ready for an agreement.

I'm not so sure of Israel.

They have the majority of the cards and there are a fair few religious nutters who would expel all non-Jews from the Historic land of Israel given half a chance - Unbelievable given recent Jewish History that the roles could be reversed so quickly!

Why have any agreement when you have nothing to gain?

Thus Hamas rockets Israel.

No doubt the rockets have been a very effective way of influencing public opinion of 'normal' Israeli’s and stopping the occupation being accepted as a final solution, but I have doubts that Hamas know how to play this card to its full advantage.

There is a time for resisting and a time for talking and they have yet to fully appreciate this.

Israel does have one matter that needs to be addressed - It's own Arab Citizens.

These are a growing percentage of the population that in a short time in History could have a Major effect in elections.

Israel wants to remain a democracy so they have a dilemma here.

If the Arabs become an electoral force then a simple election would see Israel become just another Arab state.

This might explain why Israel is so preoccupied with demanding the Pals acknowledge Israel as a 'Jewish state' - it them gives them some kind of legitimacy in restricting who can vote or what can be voted on - another potentially corrosive issue waiting to boil over.

I guess at the end of the day the best hope for Israel is it make peace with its neighbours and set itself up as the envy of the rest of the ME, to the extent everyone, not just the Jews, want to preserve it.

But it takes real leadership to achieve this and I don't see that on either side at the moment.