As the saying goes, even in the West, we are only ever three meals away from revolution.

What is happening to our world?

With all our technological advances, we seem to be sliding backwards.

Even in Thailand, which produces 10 million more tons of rice than it consumes and is the world’s largest rice exporter, supermarkets have placed signs limiting the amount of rice shoppers are allowed to purchase.

Too busy wasting money waging useless wars, and placating self serving big business who doesn't give 2 shits about who lives or dies as long as they can get that 86th mansion.

Aquifers and topsoil have been run down globally for the better part of a century, while population exploded.

If most of us simply decide not to eat meat for one week, or brown-bag our lunches, and donate the savings to the World Food Program, the impact would be tremendous.

I think the very worst thing any living creature can experience is hunger - the absolute worst.

If there is enough food in the world to go around, don't you think it's a travesty that some should starve and some should throw food away, regardless of whether they worked and paid for it or not?

The reason that Africa is a mess is because of the legacy of colonialism.

I don't recall where I found it, but I remember reading that a good deal of those 26,000 (daily) deaths are caused by starvation.

The proper used of condoms and contraceptives would allow people to not be burdened with the weight of giving birth to children that they can not bear.

I absolutely agree with you that overpopulation is an issue and it's easy to say "well, it's your bloody fault that you're hungry" but it's just not so cut and dry.

I don't think it's a coincidence that the greatest technological and philosophical advancements throughout mankinds history happened when people lived happy, productive lives.

I think it's a combination of many factors; the initial culture and it's ravaging by colonialism, but then also the poisoned culture that has grown up around that modern corporate control.

If the corporate control were to dissipate, civil war would ensue against current tyrants and gangsters, and some people would die.

The math is getting difficult.

I don't think it's a coincidence that the greatest technological and philosophical advancements throughout mankinds history happened when people lived happy, productive lives.

I think it's a combination of many factors; the initial culture and it's ravaging by colonialism, but then also the poisoned culture that has grown up around that modern corporate control.

If the corporate control were to dissipate, civil war would ensue against current tyrants and gangsters, and some people would die.