The Washington Post is having a field day attacking Israel on an almost daily basis.

Distorted, agenda-driven headlines, news reports and op-ed pieces are the rule of the day at the Post.

The Post's utter lack of journalistic integrity in advancing its anti-Israel agenda was demonstrated by the Post's publishing of the following Letter to the Editor on page A18 of today's Post.

The sad fact is, the Post has sold out to ideologues who advance its anti-Israel agenda, and it accepts virtually anything they say at face value.

The Washington Post's editors and reporters don't like West Bank settlements and settlers, and they resort to distortion and deception to influence readers to agree with their opinion.

The Post's June 30, 2009 story "In the West Bank, Suburb or Settlement? For Israelis, Homes; For Palestinians, a Wall," by Howard Schneider, is rife with errors and falsehoods.

Former President Jimmy Carter says the Gush Etzion settlement in the West Bank should remain in any final peace settlement, and the Post doesn't report it?

President Obama's decision to publicly confront Israel over construction within existing boundaries of large settlements ignited a feeding frenzy within the anti-Israel press, led by the Washington Post.

Palestinian Arabs want official recognition of their dubious status as a people culturally and/or ethnically separate from their brethren across the Jordan River or south of Gaza, and in furtherance of this claim they want their own Palestinian state as a homeland.

At the same time they insist on cleansing the West Bank of all Jews, and they refuse to recognize Israel as a Jewish state.

The Post's Jerusalem correspondent, Howard Schneider, left little doubt as to how he felt about Prime Minister Netanyahu's speech on Sunday.

[T]he article blatantly deceived readers about Mr. Abbas's views and background in several respects, and essentially whitewashed his vile history of terrorism, anti-Semitism, and hard-line positions on key peace issues.

I do fault your newspaper for its disproportionate coverage of these accusations, while giving short shrift to an exhaustive Israeli investigation that found there was no deliberate fire on UN or any other civilian targets during the recent Gaza war.

To the extent that the Post refuses to report fairly and accurately about events in the Middle East, it does not deserve a reputation as a quality news source.