We didn’t elect you to sit on your asses and do nothing and remain silent while our democracy is being hijacked...

...we elected you to pass corporate lobbyist-sponsored bills that allow corporations to hire Indians at $5/hour for all of our jobs, charge you $1,000 for the product and make us legally immune.

Get to it!!

I'm not saying that they are doing a good job, just that the less time they have to create and read bills the more likely it will be worse than it already is.

What they today call "democracy" is sometimes very similar to a pyramid scheme were the people lower in the pyramid decide who at the top is going to be promoted. No matter who they vote, they are fucked.

Dude, do you really think most of them read the bills?

I'm tired of people talking about the worst president ever, time to do some house cleaning on Capitol Hill.

We need viable representation in congress? We need to act more locally.

How many people know their Senators' and Representitives' names, let alone their voting records?

If we want to resuscitate this nation it's well time to act and organize.

I'm just saying that Congress is doing some things, and it's not an easy job, and that you can't expect them to be in session all year long and be able to do the job well.

I'm not saying that any of this is an excuse, I'm not saying that you shouldn't be active, I'm just saying that Congress is doing some things, and it's not an easy job.

I just think it's amazing to think that they are doing nothing in capitol hill, there are 535 people in Congress and most (I really want to say all) have a bill or two at least in committee, that a lot of bills to read.

I'm not saying they are doing a good job, I'm not saying that any of this is an excuse, I'm not saying that you shouldn't be active, I'm just saying that Congress is doing some things, and it's not an easy job.

I'm not dumb and going to say that all of them try to be the "good" Congressmen, but many of them are trying to be, many of them are passionate about civil service and many of them work all day everyday of the year.

In the end being in Congress isn't really a do nothing job when your doing it right, and many of them are trying to.