Where's the goddamned Congress? They are the only ones who have the authority to authorize warmaking.

If I stopped communicating the truth, hundreds of millions of other Americans would keep doing so.

Tyrannical government can control the mainstream press for a while, but they cannot control hundreds of millions of people.

Why is he still being allowed to authorize things at all?

That's what they did in Stalinist Russia, sir. They labeled anyone who criticized the government "insane", and put quite a few of them in psych wards.

Are you a Stalinist, sir?

You should be *more* outraged for people not learning from their mistakes and allowing this to happen again.

After what we've seen of this administration, this wouldn't surprise me a bit if it's true.

Every day Bush does six unprecedented things before breakfast.

"If they really are, POST IT FROM A REPUTABLE SOURCE."

Oh, okay, [Dan Rather, Daniel Ellsberg, famed Watergate reporter Carl Bernstein, Pulitzer-prize winning journalist Seymour Hersh, Keith Olberman, the head of CNN, Air Force Colonel and key Pentagon official Karen Kwiatkowski, Bill Moyers, Smedley Butler, etc.](http://georgewashington.blogspot.com/2005/10/hit-them-with-truth.html) have nothing to teach us?

By the way, I've never said "the Jews blew up the Towers".

Constitutional problems are the root of our problems. That fascist in the White House Does not go by what he took an oath to uphold.

If he followed the Constitution, we would not be in this mess.

If the congress did their congressional duty, we wouldn't be here either.

Attacking Iran is the problem.

Do these idiots ever learn? Isn't this how we wound up with the Taliban and al-CIAduh?

This is intentional funding of terrorism, and it will come back and haunt this country.

The CIA is a criminal enterprise masquerading as an officially sanctioned body. It is high time its crimes were revealed and its activities *stopped* before it ruins the very nation it was 'supposed' to have protected.