All participants should be able to decide individually whether they wish to honour China in this 'ceremony'.

Good for them. France always gets it right.

Seems like a great way to embarrass the Chinese who are so proud of these Olympics without dealing a devastating blow to the athletes who trained for this.

As an athlete training for the Olympics (US team in Sculling) it frustrates me to no end when people talk about boycotting the Olympics.

Its easy say you'd boycott when you've dedicated nothing to the Olympic dream, and truly have no idea what the Olympics are about.

The athletes don't have any real say on where the olympics are held and it's not fair or right to force politics on them.

The Olympics is about the atheletes.

You want a country to stop abusing human rights? How about you restrict trade to them?

A boycott against the ceremony? But then after that technicality, we'll all still be attending the actual events, right?

A boycott of the opening ceremonies is no boycott at all.

If I watched the olympics I would boycott it this year but since I find it intolerable and dull I'll just post around here.

I'm calling for a boycott on french people.

I'm all for protesting the actions going on in Tibet but this isn't the way to do it.

I agree. I will not be watching any Olympic related events this year.

I only wish that some big name athletes would take the lead and boycott this year's Olympics.

I thought the French only joined up with America after we won at Ticonderoga?

Cornwallis probably would not have surrendered when he did if it weren't for the French, meaning the Revolutionary War might have gone on much longer and the outcome may have been entirely different.

I'm an American, I recognize that significance.

The Olympics should be about amatuer athletes and their struggles and achievements, not political statements.

To most of these athletes, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity.

To hijack their chances with political point scoring is something that gets me incredibly angry.

I agree. I will not be watching any Olympic related events this year.

I only wish that some big name athletes would take the lead and boycott this year's Olympics.

I'm calling for a boycott on french people.

I'm all for protesting the actions going on in Tibet but this isn't the way to do it.