I have no doubts the Armenian genocide occurred, and I don't like the fact that Turkey still has not admitted to it.

First of all, I've been to Turkey, and it is a staunchly secular state.

Saying could be "dangerous" if a "Muslim country" joins the EU is simply a racist statement.

It is still disgusting and insane that the Turkish government and people will not recognize the Genocide.

Iraq, Darfur, Kashmir, Palestine Genocide-On going Today.

I think you've made it pretty clear how you feel about Muslims in this post.

I am not obsessed with them.

I don't hate anyone. Not even you ;)

I'm dying to know which part of that was 'hatred'?

The plan was mastered and called Genocide

Took all the children and then we died,

The few that remained were never found,

All in a system of Down!

You implied that the Armenians must have done something that would have justified the their genocide.

I tend to believe the first hand accounts of my wife's ancestors than Ottoman government reports.

If Turkey wants to get anywhere near getting accepted into the EU they need to

1. Admit the genocide occurred as part of their official history

2. Get the fuck out of Cyprus

I still wouldn't let them in though

The Palestinian blog saying Jews destroyed his village.

I'm not a Holocaust denier, prick.

I'm done with this thread. Arguing with you is like arguing with a Palestinian or Israeli about the Arab-Israeli issue. You're just too corrupted by ideology.

Armenia has been around since 650BC, we've endured all kinds of empire expansions by the Turks, and the Persians.

And regarding your claims of re-writing history, please... you sound ignorant.

I see all of us as one race... the human race.

The Turkish occupation of northern Cyprus is not an irrelevant point at all.

The EU leadership has said that Turkey will have to pull out of Cyprus if it wants membership.

The EU leadership has been putting pressure on the Turkish leadership to apologize as part of the terms of membership

I agree with you, the petty squabbles really don't actually affect the actual politics. Turkey will probably be let in regardless of what they have been doing over the past 90 odd years. The EU has zero balls.