This really is the biggest conflict of the last 50 years. Some reports show more than 5 million killed, making it the biggest conflict since World War II.

The UN is immediately commissioning a new study of the situation and sending a fact-finding unit to the region.

The atrocities being committed in Congo is an internal matter.

UN peacekeeping forces only have the forces and mandate assigned to them by the UN security council and allowed by the host state.

It's their bed. They made it, they can lie in it.

The Congo Free State (1877 – 1908): "In the Free State, the local population was brutalized in exchange for rubber, a growing market with the development of rubber tires...To enforce the rubber quotas, the Force Publique (FP) was called in...The Force Publique made the practice of cutting off the limbs of the natives as a means of enforcing rubber quotas a matter of policy."

The Congolese people "lacked political power and faced legal discrimination. All colonial policies were decided in Brussels and Leopoldville."

"On January 17, 1961, Katangan forces and Belgian paratroops...kidnapped and executed Patrice Lumumba."

"Following five years of extreme instability and civil unrest, Joseph-Désiré Mobutu...overthrew Kasavubu in a 1965 coup...It is also argued that the Western support for Mobutu was also related to his allowing businesses to export the many natural resources of Zaire without worrying about environmental, labour, or other regulations."

"Following the collapse of the Soviet Union, U.S. relations with Kinshasa cooled, as Mobutu was no longer deemed necessary as a Cold War ally."

The Belgian colonial occupation of the DRC was one of the most brutal ever undertaken, during which around 10 million people died from mistreatment and disease.

The democratically elected leader of the free DRC, Patrice Lumumba, lasted a very short time in office, in large part because of the international panic his leftist views incited; his kidnapping and assassination were accomplished with the direct involvement of the Belgian military and the monetary support of the US.

The Congo is extraordinarily rich in natural resources, including diamonds, cobalt, uranium, and the tantalum used in many electronics.

The mountain gorilla population in the Virungas Park represents more than half of the tiny margin left in the wild...their biggest threat is being an innocent bystander - they keep getting shot in the crossfire of ethnic and political skirmishes. If this violence continues unabated, the entire population of mountain gorillas could be wiped out.