Here are the selected sentences verbatim from the text:

I love how making it illegal to cause cancer to many people nearby is somehow considered a problem.

If smoking offends you, open your own fucking bar.

Demand has nothing to do with it. Just as we should work to minimize drive-by shootings, we should work to minimize the indiscriminate damage caused by smokers to those in immediate indoors locations.

Hey man, you can do whatever the fuck you want **to yourself**.

Do you feel the same way about murder? Extortion?

It's when you start damaging those around you that it's a problem.

If you work in a bar (or club or whatever) you have NO CHOICE but to breathe other people's *toxic waste* for the entire duration of your shift.

The ban was unexpectedly well received by smokers, who for the most part thought it would help them to quit.

The waste product is dissipated into the atmosphere, doing less harm to other guests.

The rennovations add value to the place - attracting more people than it may have done before and fetching a higher resale, due to works.

I don't feel that I'm addicted to cigarettes, I can go a few days without them, mostly weekends.

I think that reward system is more powerful then nicotine.

I didn't realize that. What do the terms mean?

I wish more places did this.

It's easily enforced.

I simply think the risk is overstated, and that a world-wide ban on smoking in public is excessive.

They do.

Banning smoking indoors is not for your own good. It's for the good of the people around you.

Do whatever you want to your own body. Just don't go burning noxious chemicals in enclosed spaces with other people around.

I don't know about you, but if I walked into a bar and breathed in weapons-grade Chlorine gas because everyone in the bar implicitly consented to it by walking in, I'd think there should be a law against it.

If such bars exist and offer whatever it is they're out for, yes.

In the case where a band I want to see plays at a smoking venue, I can only see them if I am willing to significantly increase my risk of terminal cancer.

Perhaps I wasn't clear enough with that paragraph.

I suspect they do, and if they truly believe such things are harmful, it's hard to fault them for trying.

I think the main point is that it's for the benefit of the bar staff, who have the right to work in an environment which doesn't slowly kill them.