Hereward Fenton is a researcher in the 9/11 truth movement in Australia.

The Bush admin claims Vietnam would have been a success if the army hadn't pulled out.

The Bush admin claims anyone who's willing to speak to who they define as an enemy is as good as a Nazi appeaser.

The Bush admin steadfastly denies that the intelligence leading to the Iraq war was crooked.

The Bush admin has commuted sentences given to his cronies who have lied to cover themselves.

The Bush admin refuses to admit that they laid out specific guidelines for torture, despite there being leaked memos and photographs/videos that clearly contradict this.

The Bush admin refuses any request to look into Sept 11th, despite basing their entire policy (foreign AND domestic) on what happened that day.

I know that this is in no way "evidence", but it's really not that hard to think that they're lying about this too.

I'd say that generally when the two tallest buildings in a city collapse, that there is a strong likelihood that it will cause some of the smaller buildings next door to collapse too.

If they'd stop with the ridiculous controlled demolition talk, maybe more people would listen to the rest of their arguments.

The planes were enough to take the buildings down, but how and why they flew into the buildings is the real question that we should be debating.

I tried not to phrase it as such, but I have a feeling it reads like I'm saying "they lied about some things, so they're definitely lying about this".

I can't actually think of ANY instance where what the Bush admin said ever made sense at all!

"pull it" as in pull out the firefighters trying to put the fires out

NO BUILDING HAS EVER HAD TWO FUEL LOADED JETS SLAM INTO IT AT 500MPH+.

A scenerio like that is bound to bring about some unprecedented and unanticapted results.

The massive fire from burning fuels weakened the steel to the point of failure, and due to the load bearing design of the WTC the melting of the steel caused a catastrophic structural failure, resulting in the collapse.

I think it is very possible that our government (or aspects of it) had some foreknowledge of what was going to happen, and ignored it.

I've looked more carefully than 99% of the population at both stories, both sides.

I love how the truthers say that anyone, expert or otherwise, who agrees with the official story, must be some sort of pawn in the whole thing.

The official story is not a THEORY. its what HAPPENED.

The plane was doing 400+ MPH when it hit. it practically disinegrated on impact.

I know more about 9-11 and the events surrounding it than the majority of "truthers".

I will fully admit to that being possible. but to intentionally put their fingerprints all over one of the most documented events in modern history, when the entire job could be done by 19 men with boxcutters, takes a leap of faith to consider.