Covering up the problem and discontent is not going to make it any better.

I hate to say this but pro-Chinese groups have rights to protest too, even they are organized by Chinese government.

They have the right to silence others?

Silencing someone is oppressing them.

I think you misunderstood the meaning of protest.

China is going to be a superpower no matter

just accept that fact

What do they have to protest, then?

China is a traditionally authoritarian culture.

It has a totalitarian, nominally Communist government.

I was there, right on the corner in front of the SF giants ball park where all the pro-china and anti-china people where located.

There was some shouting, but nothing close to a real show down.

The article makes it sound like it was dangerous.

Bah.

It was tame.

As far as I could tell, no one got arrested.

Nothing happened.

I saw dozens of pro-china and pro-tibet people standing literally 5 feet apart with their respective flags, yet they did nothing.

The highlight of the protest is when the anti-protest people started heckling the protesters on both sides.

The anti-china groups were yelling "shame on china!".

Suddenly, a group of guys (they looked like baseball fans that came early to see the torch) started yelling back, "shaved vaginas".

I LOL'ed.

I'm glad to see Overseas Chinese publicly proclaiming their hostility to the free media and their loyalty to a totalitarian government.

Better to keep our enemies in plain sight.

Before this week, we didn't realize how many Overseas Chinese were loyal to the mothership.

I don't agree with the Olympics being boring part, but that's just me.

Otherwise power to you.

I usually don't comment but I felt compelled to add my input to this discussion.

I took a break from my classes today since AT&amp;T park is right next to my school.

I had only intended to spend an hour checking out the commotion but I ended up staying much longer.

The article is accurate in describing how the pro-China supporters overwhelmed other groups, both in number and in physical intimidation.

It was quite scary, and I say this as a non-affiliated onlooker.

The few pro-Tibet folks walking around were quickly accosted and surrounded by Chinese supporters.

The pro-Chinese were equipped with megaphones and would yell "Liar, liar" to anyone critical of China, regardless of their cause - this includes the Free Burma, Save Darfur, Gay Rights, and Falun Gong groups that I was able to make out.

If anything, the pro-Chinese crowd was the aggressor where I was watching.

From my perspective, it seemed as though the vast majority of pro-Chinese were immigrants, not 1st generation Chinese-Americans.

A lot of it has to do with them feeling ultra-defensive as though protests against the Chinese government were racially motivated.

This contrasts with the reaction by 1st generation Chinese-Americans like myself who understand that the protests are political.

I can't help but feel that most of the pro-China protesters today are the product of a Chinese society that emphasizes very different virtues than a Western society.

They are much less willing to engage in dialogue or critical thinking than 1st generation Chinese, and I say this from personal experience with my cousins who are quick to blame Western biased media for any negative perceptions of China.

Unfortunately, this siege mentality doesn't appear likely to change, and it will only be exacerbated by the Chinese media's selective reporting.

I wonder if the Feds took advantage of this great opportunity to identify potential Chinese sleeper agents.

Wait.

George "Chinese overlord wrist licker" Bush is still in office.

What am I thinking.

I don't think ir-student was posting bull.

He mentioned only the settlement by China of Tibet and suggested that surrounding regions might be afraid of a similar fate.

This is a reasonable fear for them to have, and would partially explain the difficulty that the Chinese immigrants to SE Asia might be facing in assimilating into those regions; namely, that the native populations regard them with that self same fear.

I'm confused.

Isn't this what a democracy is about?

Whoever has more people wins?

So if there were more pro-China supporters there, then giving them what they want should be the democratic thing to do, right?

How is this any different from people who love America and yet hate what their ancestors did to the natives?

Human beings are complex that way.

Not everything has to do with brainwashing.

It's about having pride in one's country and yet understanding there are still many things to change.

I don't love America, and yet I'm not trying to live somewhere else.

I live here.

It's ok.

It's not the worst place.

Do I have pride in America?

ummm, no.

I was just born here and sorta vote when I feel like it.

America is not mine, and I am not America.

I think a "love-hate" relationship with a nation, employer, or significant other is co-dependence, and yes, a form of brain-washing.

I don't think the Chinese gave the world navigation...

I mean, the term navigation embraces so many different concepts anyway, you'd have to qualify it, and even then the same aspects of navigation that were developed by China were developed independently elsewhere, and probably earlier as well.

Yeah, you're right, before white people showed up there was no suffering or bloodshed.

You really are a racist.

God Bless America.

That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind...except asshole Asians who have a falsely inflated sense of entitlement.

I don't actually have any problem with Asian people, and European history shows that European people are definitely NOT superior to anyone else.

Just look at how easily the Germans were led by a madman like Hitler, and how low culture has been in England and Europe at times.

Especially the Dark Ages.

But my OP, was about the rest of the world, including but not limited to China, learning objective lessons from the failures of Europe (like oppressing people and limiting freedom of speech) during it's development into an industrialised society, a development that the rest of the world is now going through.

You then turned it around into a Sino vs just about everybody, but especially whites, affair.

Look, I fully acknowledge the achievements of the Oriental peoples.

And as much as Oriental culture seems strange to me, I don't hate it.

I apologise for saying anti-Asian things just to upset you, but hey, I'm only human and you rubbed me the wrong way.

It's my problem and I'll deal with it.

In the mean, just what have YOU got invested in all this?

Nothing, I'm just a racist on the internet.

Yeah, well, I'm just an inferior asian person whose not nearly equal to the achievements of other superior asian individuals who were geniuses, but whom I attempt to convoke as some sort of spurious evidence for my own superiority, a superiority which is non-existent, but of which I am acutely aware, because I've had personal problems adjusting to a new life.

Oh, I'm sorry, we're we posting what the other person might be saying.

What?

No, I really am just a racist on the internet.

Don't overthink it.