The followers of the Dalai Lama wish to replace China`s communism with a religious aristocracy governing a free Tibet with a small upper priest class and the large lower commoner class.

If you want to really make a statement here, the only option is boycotting the Olympics entirely.

"The United States says it has been fighting for human rights and democracy in Iraq and Afghanistan," said Phurbu Dorjee, a Tibetan activist from Brooklyn, N.Y.

Only the heads of states are skipping the opening ceremony, the athletes will still keep to their established schedules.

Athlets performing for Tibet and raising awareness sure would be nice, but the cynic in me thinks that will not be allowed.

>A huge sector of the rural population has said, “Tibet was independent in the past. We reassert that belief. **That doesn’t mean we demand that it be independent again**, but we are reinserting that into the discussion.” - Robert Barnett

What is it with everyone saying that skipping the opening ceremony counts as a boycott?! No nation in their right mind should send their athletes to Beijing, and if that means no Olympics this year, so be it.

What? Who gives a fuck about gold medals and athletes? You think the world revolves around some stupid fucking medals and people that jump over sticks and swim real fast? It's a sport, a hobby, a game. There are far more important issues than sports and the fucking Olympics.

As a side note, two of my uncles fought in N Korea against the Chinese, they fought against communism and the evils it stands for, seeing friends blown up in the process and coming back to relive those memories by staring in a mirror for hours at 2am.

1.5 million dead Tibetans isn't an ethnic cleansing? 6,000 monasteries destroyed isn't cultural genocide?

Their culture is being squashed. The govt is sending in millions of Han chinese to take over and essentially wipe Tibet and its culture off the map.

Let those without sin boycott the Third Reich. Hitler had his strategic olympics too.