In accord with Cecil Rhodes’ last will and testament, and under the guidance and influence of the Rothschild Banking Dynasty, the United States was officially defeated and acquired by Great Britain with the Congressional Act of 1871…

The level of dystopia observed on our geopolitical landscape is due to the general public’s unwillingness to become educated regarding the historical sequence of events that have been consciously orchestrated by a global elite of international bankers, oil men and global corporations: The Establishment.

The two major players who are essentially the Game Masters of our planet and the global economy are the Rothschild’s of Europe and the Rockefeller’s of America.

This oligarchy manipulates and conditions the world through its global sphere of influence narrated by the Council on Foreign Relations and other such think-tanks.

Prior to the tyrannical theft of Palestine – via the Balfour Declaration issued to Lord Rothschild – the Middle East had been a relatively peaceful area.

The Rothschild’s funded the Zionist movement from the very beginning as they already had plans in place to hijack the Jewish faith, rework it into blind nationalism and offer millions of Jews for the Holocaust to justify the need for the Jewish people to have a nation of their own.

There will be no end to this global aggression until the people of the World stand-up and overthrow the fascist elements which subjugate our humanity.

Two issues should reverberate in the minds of the American people: the abolishment of the Federal Reserve and a new independent investigation of 9/11.

The Federal Reserve and its fiat monetary policy have enslaved every working American and have been responsible for the downfall of our once-proud nation and for our current economic problems.

In the event of another “terrorist” attack, whether real or manufactured, the Establishment can simply blame it on “anti-government” groups, Al-Qaeda or anyone they deem to be a threat to their plans.