"According to Cole, 'Ahmadinejad did not say he was going to 'wipe Israel off the map' because no such idiom exists in Persian'. Instead, 'He did say he hoped its regime, i.e., a Jewish-Zionist state occupying Jerusalem, would collapse.'"

"Overthrowing the Israeli government is very very very far from 'destroying Israel'. Ahmadinejad is calling for regime change in Israel, much like regime change in the former USSR or Apartheid South Africa."

"Hillary said in the interview that if Iran used nuclear weapons against Israel, the US would use nukes against Iran, which is what would seem to be justified if we're going to stick to MAD policy when it comes to nuclear weapons."

"She didn't say anything that 98% of presidents wouldn't do(it would make no sense for use of nuclear weapons to go unanswered, in fact it would be extremely dangerous to set that kind of precedent)."

"Let's remember who we are folks. We're not as bad as the Hillary camp who support this kind of baseless, out of context attack. We're better than this. Every time we do this we encourage the politics of divisiveness and hate."

"Obama would say the exact same same thing if he couldn't find a way to get out of it."

"One more time: She was asked what the U.S. would do if Iran NUKED Israel, not just attacked it."

"Hillary is exactly the same candidate as McCain, except she has a bigger penis."

"Obama ducked and Hillary took it."

"Obama saw this. Hillary used it as an opportunity to pander."

"Obama answered it intelligently and diplomatically."

"Hillary explicitly threatened the military, possibly nuclear, destruction of Iran."

"Hillary could actually back up the threat with nukes."

"Hillary could have said *I will never let it get to the point that Iran nukes Israel. Israel is our ally, and under my administration we will pursue a course of diplomacy and pressure to defuse this threat.*"

"Hillary's *deliberately belligerent* phrasing was an attempt to look tough for the benefit of a particular constituency, and it backfired with respect to other potential voters."

"She chose to play John Wayne, and everyone who is sick and tired of the cowboy mentality is punishing her for it."