You can't argue that the Koran doesn't include those commands, or that Muslim countries don't institutionalize barbarism to their own citizens at worst or authoritarian theocracies at best.

Fitna is only offensive if you're an apologist fool who likes to ignore facts in the name of being politically correct.

You'd think that after the 1940s, the Dutch would have learned the error in the principle of appeasement, but I guess not.

We all remember how our favourite asshole cinematographer Theo was slaughtered like a pig in the street after making “Submission” with Ayaan Hirsi Ali.

I support freedom of speech, period.

The vast majority of Muslims wouldn't dream of doing the things in the film either, not that you'd guess that from the film.

Making a 15min film concentrating on the worst for political gain is offensive.

It's also propaganda.

The film made no attempt to differentiate the vast majority of Muslims from the few extremists.

I'm a Muslim and I don't want to kill anyone because they disagree with me, all my Muslim friends are like that too.

I don't approve of the message, I believe it doesn't explore a very complex issue with any sort of accuracy.

What happens is the vast majority of Muslims want nothing to do with the video and the extremists will just have all the more ammo.

I think it has more to do with nationalism, the creator of 'Fitna' is a nationalist himself.

I concur. Their strategy is, quite frankly, stupid; they're just giving more attention to it.

I wasn't saying he was afraid, I was saying that everyone else seems to be.

I really hadn't cared enough to seek out 'Fitna', but this infuriated me enough to ensure I'm going to go d/l it right now.

I'm not a Christian but if someone made a 15 minute hit piece 'exposing' Christianity I'd be part of the squashing brigade.

I'm an atheist, and if you do that, I'll make a 15 minute video explaining how stupid it is for a person to get that upset about a 15 minute hit piece.

I'm sorry, any film-maker? I know a few. They're all dark-haired as it happens.

I know a few Dutch people, too. *They*'d look a bit baffled at an objection to hair dye.

I wonder what sort of people might object to hair dye, do you?

Do you know, I think I can guess....

I support freedom of speech, period.

You won't find anything I've posted to the contrary.

You're just lying.

I'm not saying all Muslims are evil.

I'm not saying that the "terrorists" are evil.

They simply are people doing what they think is best.

I am merely saying that "most" of the Muslims in the world are not of the same school of thought as linkedlist.

I don't actually believe some of what I said, but put it out there for thought.

One thing that should be seriously thought about is to a man, the experts on this subject say it is the religion itself that drives the extremism.

Unless of course you know a few that even observe their holidays as prescribed by the Bible.

I don't even know anyone that observes lent.

Linkedlist probably couldn't name a family member that doesn't observe Ramadan as prescribed in the holy text.

There is the difference.