Jimmy Carter was a failure as a President and he is still trying to make up for it.

Carter is following the advice of 64% of Israelis who want direct negotiations with Hamas immediately.

The whole point of sarcasm, irony, whatever, is to get us closer to the truth and this is something that The Onion does in a magnificently supreme way.

I don't understand the "Don't talk to your enemies" attitude.

The only way to resolve a conflict if you won't talk to your enemies is to completely destroy them and Northern Ireland is a prime example of why you should talk to your enemies.

Carter's enemy is people who work against peace.

Israel and Palestine both have more than their fair share of unreasonable violent assholes and the United States is stupid to get involved.

The Onion is right a frighteningly high percentage of the time.

The Global Elders is a group of 12 elderly former world leaders who have pledged to travel the world using their superpowers for good.

Together with the help of Sir Richard Branson and Peter Gabriel they fight to repair the worldwide damage done by former failed entrepreneur and baseball team owner George W. Bush.

They also form VOLTRON.

I don't think it's WRONG but I don't necessarily think it's RIGHT either (in reference to terrorist actions).

I am not trying to excuse my views.

I am simply trying to express that things don't have to be black or white.

There's this other color called gray.

I think diplomacy should ALWAYS be the first thing on the table.

I do believe some actions are reprehensible but looking at the whole picture (which is the *reasonable* thing to do) can change my view.

I'll agree with you on that, somewhat.

I'll try to explain it better: I believe that, if indeed Al Qaeda had something to do with it, what happened in 9/11 was wrong.

However, how wrong?

Not *that* much.

It was a wake up call that this country shouldn't fuck with other people just because it has newer and better toys.

Would I go back in time and do everything in my power to stop it or would I prevent something similar from happening, if possible?

I 100% would.

Like I said, diplomacy should be given a shot first, second, and third.

However, you just can't talk to animals sometimes, you have to make signs to them.

I don't disagree with you.

I am right.

I am wrong.

I think that it is a good thing that Israel exists and that the Jews have found a way to defend themselves.

I was not trying to hide that in any way.

BTW, Wingate was rather amazing as a military innovator.

His long range force in Burma, the “Chindits" was amazing.

I think that Israel should be pulling out the settlements on the West Bank and should threaten to give up the West Bank to a Palestinian state.

(Personally I they should have done that in 1968.)

Setting up a Palestinian state will greatly distress Hamas: they want it all, not just some and with a state they have to actually govern.

I think that Israel should be pulling out the settlements on the West Bank and should threaten to give up the West Bank to a Palestinian state.

(Personally I they should have done that in 1968.)

Setting up a Palestinian state will greatly distress Hamas: they want it all, not just some and with a state they have to actually govern.