Interesting that the Economist, which usually adheres to excellent standards in data graphics, has put different scales on side-by-side graphs that display the same variable on the vertical axis (i.e., bars in the left and right charts that show equal numbers will not have equal heights: for example, the bar showing 200 Israelis killed in 2001 is taller than the bar showing 200 Palestinians killed in 2005).

The result is a slight visual "inflation" of the Israeli deaths.

Clearly the Israeli's are more efficient at killing.

The rest of the Economist article from which this chart was excerpted is here:

http://www.economist.com/opinion/displaystory.cfm?story_id=10909883

The security wall is working!!!

The poor scaling may not be a 'simple mistake'.

The Palestinian image must be stretched vertically by 120% to get a true comparison.

The obscenely horrific imbalance is then evident.

Try a simple test with Windows Paint, for example.

The chart shows the types of people who have been killed in the conflict not the types of people who have killed others in the conflict.

The problem is that people make assumptions before reading charts...this kind of distortion can be easily mis-read by someone just browsing over this type of data

The Economist is well known for its bias.

The Economist is made to be read; it's not a 'news' magazine that you browse through for hot graphics ala TIME and Newsweek.

The point of this posting is not about the scaling on the chart.

The point is that the Israelis have caused far more deaths to Palestinians than vice versa.

It is a completely asymmetric war, tanks and helicopters vs AK47s and civilians.

It needs to stop, there needs to be a negotiated settlement.

Good job to Carter for talking to Hamas (democratically elected government of Gaza) to seek a solution.

The "Unknown" portion is quite interesting .. at first blush it seems to indicate that the Israeli's count their dead 'better' than the Palestinians, and this is, itself, even an interesting indicator.

It really does seem to be clear what the problem is: Makers of weapons are making this war.

The Economist is not USA Today, and we're all glad for that.

They still shouldn't make this kind of graphical error, though.

They usually don't...

Still, I don't think this graphic is intentionally misleading, as I said in my original comment.