The colors look different.

Technically speaking, this can be correct.

Well... It is titled "American Government".

You're making the assumption that temperatures will rise uniformly across the globe and that the climate will not be affected otherwise.

No, I do not make that assumption.

I think they can probably guess what a hydro bill is.

I do get a chuckle when the Canadian press talks about US power outages from a storm or whatever, and they refer to the "hydro companies".

"global warming will give polar bears more water"

And if not?

Are there any other Bush policies that you still "believe" in?

In reality though, there are numerous other factors that will tend to make things far more expensive.

One of the things that has characterised the fuckups of this era is that they've been made on the basis of things that are "technically correct" within a narrow sense but bullshit within a wider context, and in actual effect.

And they've been very very bad fuckups.

I really couldn't give a toss what governments think is right, they've been proven wrong, stupid, and evil so many times throughout history that anyone who does consider their position to some sort of validation is pretty much a fucking retard.

Recently I was in a local (public) elementary school and while waiting on someone, I was looking at the posters pinned on the wall. It was about ice melting in the Arctic. Listed pros were: more oil possible to alleviate high demands, and 'amazing' savings for the ships/tankers traveling from N. America to Japan. Sad state of affairs

A lot of northern climates are only decently warm part of the year because of air and ocean currents. They could easily change leaving you in a Siberian landscape.

Although decreased heating costs in the winter would probably be offset by increased air conditioning costs in the summer, the other part of that statement is probably true.

Given the geographic layout of the earth, global warming is likely to increase our overall agricultural output. Canada and Russia would end up being the new breadbaskets of the world.

Well, it will.

However, I am guessing from the comments here that the book wasn't trying to make any point so subtle.

because those are caused by the angular momentum of the planet and the macro-terrain, not temperature.

I hope I wasn't the only person so pedantic to be annoyed by this title's poor grammar.

"Global warming will avoid heating bills"?

What you mean to say is "Global warming will make it easier to avoid heating bills".

Pretty sloppy.

It requires less energy to stay cool than to stay warm.

Lots of places just use fans and shade to keep cool as well but to heat up you almost always have to use fuel or electricity.

The problem with that argument is that it assumes global warming is literal, and doesn't include the other climate factors such as precipitation.

That's an extreme example, and I agree with you, there will be some benefits to global warming.

Sounds like Northern-centric thinking.

There's gonna be more spending in hotter countries for cooling.

To be ignorant enough that there is a benefit in changing our planet's climate to a more hostile one, towards both, us and other species, is akin to saying that you can cure a headache by shooting yourself in the head.

Aren't there more cold related deaths every year than heat related deaths?

the problem is not that it's said at all, but that it's presented as an even choice.

i think that 99.99% of the kids reading this book are so completely detached from nature red in tooth and claw that this does them a grave disservice, because so much of the society they rely on was developed within certain environmental parameters, going back to the birth of agriculture.

once you get a more chaotic system that spends more time outside those parameters, I think the possible downsides far exceed the possible upsides, simply because so much of what we count on now hasn't been tested outside of those parameters, so we have no real idea of the exact ramifications.

could some of them be positive?

yes, but there will be more negative impacts on the lives of the students reading this book, and pretending it's all a big mess that might be evenly good and bad reduces the imperative in their minds for ameliorative action.

that's what i think will take explaining in the future: how conservatism, a political movement that supposedly respected tradition and stability blew it on keeping the world as-is, making all kinds of increasingly nonsensical arguments to avoid admitting to unconservative behavior.

that's why things like this piss me off: someone will get all offended and pissy if they read something in their kids' gov't book that doesn't explicitly mention, say, that heating bills will be lower.

because it's some kind of movement conservative point of pride that global warming will not change every single thing everywhere for everyone for the worse.

imagine if liberals did this- "hey, we don't need more police on the streets. some of the people who are killed are criminals, so it comes out the same happiness-wise by reducing future crime."

they would be laughed the fuck off, but it's mysteriously "reasonable" to say, "well, sure there's a lot of negative things, but you'll save on space heaters, so it's a wash"

that's what drives me crazy about this- the fake "balance" of it.

Note that about half the blog's comments defend the textbook.

1. Find some sand.
2. Insert head.

"Global warming will avoid heating bills"?

Fixed that for ya.

Silly outdated schoolbooks.

What do you mean that wasn't the point?

Comments like that make it easy to spot the kids born post 1990.

I remember getting through AP History back in the day with a previous version of this book.

I put up with it, but then I remember getting to the last chapter at the end of the year.

It was only a couple of pages, but 'oh my god'!

It was about the great Bush battling terrorist, and how 9/11 is prompting the US to make the world a better place - and tons of other Bologna.

What went through my mind: I lived during this short period so I could verify its integrity to a reasonable extent in the book, but what about all of that other stuff that I was suppose to take on faith.

If as much of the content in previous chapters was as distorted as the final and recently occurring events near the end, then my perception of American history is severely incongruent with reality.

P.S. I plan re-educating myself on American history (and I should cover the rest of history while I'm at it) when I have some time to spare, and I think I'll start with: A People's History of the United States by Howard Zinn.

It's true that to be more or less comfortable heating can require more energy.

Being maximally comfortable, however, usually means air conditioning, which uses way more energy.

In Soviet Russia the beach comes to you.

"I say let the world warm up, let's see what Boutros Boutros Golly Golly has to say about that. We'll grow oranges in Alaska!"

That seems to be a recurring theme in reddit comments.

That being said, I seem to keep following the advice.

Wait... for profit?

Since when are politicians experts on science?

No, that has a slightly different meaning.

Actually, after all the cleanup, this is mostly a break-even operation...

What, he couldn't be growing tomatoes with a hydroponic system?

You make an excellent point.

[meh](http://www.amazon.com/Canada-Goose-3-n-1-Nomad-Jacket/dp/B000XFPKIY/) vs.

[meh](http://www.amazon.com/Borat-Mankini-Swimsuit-Costume-Suspender/dp/B000UGJSRU/)

I was lost when I first read this.

I live in Phoenix and when I heard heating bills I thought of air conditioning bills without even realizing it, and those are going to go up.

Whether it's heat or AC, they both use the same kind of thermostat.

And they both result in a net gain of heat in the area in which they're used, because they bring energy in the form of electricity from somewhere else.

die, meme. die

And all the scientists?

They're all wrong too?

All the national professional organizations and academies of sciences?

They're just a bunch of blithering fools with less education and ability to evaluate scientific data than *you.*

You're exactly the kind of person that Expelled was made for.

Tell me, have you accepted the germ theory of disease yet?

Or do you still believe that people get sick because God wants them that way?

Since they agree with what he wants to believe.

No, he said he was Canadian.

Also funny enough the primary cost of maintaining an indoor marijuana garden in Canada does come from the hydro bill.

you've been told that there is a scientific consensus on this subject by people who seek to take you as a fool.

If you take the time to look for yourself, rather than just listen to the media and the IPCC, you will find there are plenty of scientists out there who are not afraid of peer pressure and are trying to speak out against this carbon dioxide driven climate myth.

If you don't have the initiative to find your own information sources, then just wait.

I'd give it 10 years tops before the fraud is disrobed fully.

The great thing about science is that truth always wins in the end.

You seem to think that "scientific consensus" equals "unanimous opinion."

How sad.

So all those peer-reviewed studies and *statements by the national science academies* just don't exist.

Oh wait, I got it.

God put them there to test your faith.

Just like all those fossils you can't explain.

And the funny thing about human nature is that no matter how much proof there is of a thing--there will always be anti-empiricist souls who insist it isn't true because they don't want it to be.

I wish I could give it only 10 years before you decide to accept the scientific consensus on climate change.

But people like you were still insisting that the Sun moved around the Earth *hundreds* of years after Copernicus.

The only difference between then and now is that you no longer have the power to burn scientists at the stake for daring to counter your ideology.

It'll be hard growing citrus when the US Army has kicked you out of your cities and moved in displaced Americans, and you're starving in the woods.

"Hydro bill" - is that like the British calling refrigerators "Frigidaires"?

Yes, you may get greater crop yields in more northern climates.

You may also get pan-continental droughts that kill off the agricultural base of our world civilization.

One thing's for sure - if you're growing crops in northern Canada, the US Breadbasket will be scorched barren.

Sure that's what we need.

An entire generation of illiterate pot heads.

That will surely strengthen the nation.

1986 here, so I guess you fucked up on that one.

Then I would imagine that the "Breadbasket" would move north too.

When I actually see some global climate change I'll climb on the train with ya'll.

One thing I've come to observe is that people who strongly believe in lies frequently resort to ad hominem and straw men attacks when they attempt to defend them, it seems you also suffer from this characteristic.

I think this comes about because you feel an emotional need to defend something you don't actually fully understand.

I see you sincerely believe what you are being told, and that you really think you are trying to save the planet.

That's good for you, just make sure you learn your lesson for the future when the truth finally dawns.

And for the record, I'm an atheist and a theoretical physicist.

Maybe.

Maybe not.

The best outcome then would be massive changes in land ownership and infrastructure.

The worst outcome would be billions starving and armed movement north.

Technically, I was talking about similar comments and not your comment directly.

But please, feel free to continue wallowing in your ignorance.

pot bill?

you really think you are trying to save the planet.

Actually, no, I'm not.

I do very little to "save the planet."

I even commute 50 miles to work every day in a mid-sized sedan.

One way.

Gasp!

One can accept the scientific consensus on global warming without feeling moved to do anything about it.

Just as I accept the scientific consensus on evolution without feeling moved to aid or hinder natural selection.

That you characterize me this way--on the basis of *no* evidence--is further proof of how warped and distorted your judgment is.

You don't look at the scientific evidence; you prejudge everything and everyone based on your ideological blinders.

You reject the scientific evidence out of hand because you believe that the people who present it are trying to "save the planet."

Just as your kind once rejected heliocentrism because you thought the people who accepted it were trying to undermine the power of the church.

This is rich coming from the guy who rejects the consensus of every major scientific body in the world.

Tell me...have you learned your lesson about heliocentrism yet?

Or the germ theory of disease?

Or natural selection?

Or are you still insisting that there isn't "scientific consensus" on these either?

After all, the people proposing the germ theory of disease were probably just trying to "save lives" so clearly, they're suspect.

Right?

I think this comes about because you feel an emotional need to defend something you don't actually fully understand.

We've already talked about how poor you are at reading people.

**My issue was with your false claim that "absense of unanimity among those calling themselves scientists" = "lack of scientific consensus."**

And an anti-empiricist.

Maybe you should study the history of science a bit.

All major paradigm shifts have been accompanied by people who reject the scientific evidence.

It's lamentable, but it's how the process works.

It's human nature that some people get so entrenched in looking at the world one way, that they simply cannot cope with the evidence that they're wrong.

So while I have some sympathy for your position, I have to admit that your side trotting out a petition signed by Ginger Spice as proof that "scientists" reject the scientific findings that resulted from analysis by scientists of the scientific data certainly doesn't help your case much.

pray tell, what lessons do you think I have to learn about this?

Have I ever indicated to you that I do not accept evolution or a Sun centered solar system?

and yes you are correct, the nature of science and the scientific method is that consensuses are irrelevant because the whole point is continual scrutiny and critique.

Without this desire to question the status quo we would never advance our scientific knowledge.

All I'm telling you is that if you take the time to do some independent research you will find that AGW is based on a shred of truth and garnished with a ridiculous amount of what is effectively bullshit masquerading as science.

And if you don't want to do the independent research, then just wait, because, as I said, truth always wins in science in the end.

This is really all I have to say on the subject, if you are interested in reading an article I've written on the subject then let me know, or if you have anything new to say, but otherwise I'm finished here.

Let's face it, if you had any evidence that the scientific consensus on global warming was wrong--you'd be submitting it to a peer-reviewed journal, not arguing about it on reddit.

Since you don't have any data, training or experience to disprove the scientific consensus--and for some reason that consensus troubles your prejudices about the world--all you're left with is pretending that the consensus doesn't exist.

Much like the way the DI people pretend that transitional fossils don't exist.

You type pretty well, so one hopes you can read well enough to understand the difference between those two concepts.

If your article was in a peer-reviewed journal, I've probably read it.

If it wasn't, what's the point?

The Discovery Institute writes "articles" too.

Moar hurricanes and higher sea levels.

No house, no heating bill.

YAKOV F'N SMIRNOV (sp), DAMN IT!

I say let the world warm up, let's see what Boutros Boutros Golly Golly has to say about that.

We'll grow oranges in Alaska!

That seems to be a recurring theme in reddit comments.

That being said, I seem to keep following the advice.

Wait... for profit?

Since when are politicians experts on science?

No, that has a slightly different meaning.

Actually, after all the cleanup, this is mostly a break-even operation...

What, he couldn't be growing tomatoes with a hydroponic system?

You make an excellent point.

[meh](http://www.amazon.com/Canada-Goose-3-n-1-Nomad-Jacket/dp/B000XFPKIY/) vs.

[meh](http://www.amazon.com/Borat-Mankini-Swimsuit-Costume-Suspender/dp/B000UGJSRU/)

I was lost when I first read this.

I live in Phoenix and when I heard heating bills I thought of air conditioning bills without even realizing it, and those are going to go up.

Whether it's heat or AC, they both use the same kind of thermostat.

And they both result in a net gain of heat in the area in which they're used, because they bring energy in the form of electricity from somewhere else.

die, meme. die

And all the scientists?

They're all wrong too?

All the national professional organizations and academies of sciences?

They're just a bunch of blithering fools with less education and ability to evaluate scientific data than *you.*

You're exactly the kind of person that Expelled was made for.

Tell me, have you accepted the germ theory of disease yet?

Or do you still believe that people get sick because God wants them that way?

Since they agree with what he wants to believe.

No, he said he was Canadian.

Also funny enough the primary cost of maintaining an indoor marijuana garden in Canada does come from the hydro bill.

you've been told that there is a scientific consensus on this subject by people who seek to take you as a fool.

If you take the time to look for yourself, rather than just listen to the media and the IPCC, you will find there are plenty of scientists out there who are not afraid of peer pressure and are trying to speak out against this carbon dioxide driven climate myth.

If you don't have the initiative to find your own information sources, then just wait.

I'd give it 10 years tops before the fraud is disrobed fully.

The great thing about science is that truth always wins in the end.