A good modern day reminder of why communism/stalinism sucks ass.

I also mentioned Stalinism because I know that some pro-communists believe a communist system can be built without those negative side-effects, although it hasn't happened yet.

My point was that it is China's government that encourages a "We Are China!" mentality that causes average citizens, who are just as bad off as Tibetans, to resent the Tibetans for standing up for their own human rights because it threatens the wholistic nationalist entity of "China."

You're absolutely right about the "We Are China!" mentality.

China is a mixture of all three.

The inequities of pre-Communist China are growing again.

The core of the problem are not resources. Its China's lack of human rights.

Tibet's independence does not affect global competition for resources.

The Chinese government is quasi-capitalist, totalitarian and hopelessly corrupt, especially in the lower ranks.

The fact that Chinese have for more millenia than most European countries exist considered themselves the center of the universe could not possibly have to do with Chinese citizens' belief that their countries is due well more respect than it receives.

The problem is not the system, not the rules, but the culture and the reality. Reality 1. They have too many people, they act like hypercompetitive numbers. 2. The government treats people as having no rights, so why shouldn't joe citizen 'follow the leader'? 3. The behavior of their businesses endangers human life to an extent unacceptable to the west.

China and Chinese people historically like to 'follow the leader'- a sense of nationalism and group think that is ingrained in their culture.

What China needs is mentor to help it find a way to leverage the available labor resource to realize the world's mission of peace, happiness and prosperity for everyone here.

This is why boycotting the games will not have the desired effect. It will just be a kick in the teeth to the everyday Chinese people who simply won't see what all the fuss is about, except that they will see the whole world ganging up on them, and so justifying their nationalism even further.