Especially if one considers how well aimed some of the shots are - almost as if these were executions at relatively close range.

The hope was that as we trade with China, and the people there make more money, they will fall in love with capitalism and a middle class will no longer tolerate this government.

You don't execute someone in the armpit or the ribs or the the cheek or the stomach.

The currency of freedom is life.

They're already capitalists - just State capitalists.

A couple look like they were shot in the back (frontal exit wounds).

No powder residue or surface burns, so they were all shot at range.

Additionally, there are some bodies with powder burns at the entrance wound, indicating a point blank range execution shot.

The protests soon shifted from calls for independence to violence, attacks on non-Tibetan ethnic groups, rioting, burning and looting on March 14.

Why is China catching flack for putting down violent rioters and civil disrest?

The US isn't any better.

Maybe so, but the repression of basic freedoms tends to be even messier.

Why are Tibetans catching bullets for their protest against Chinese occupation and repression?

It is their country.

Maybe because even though neither side is doing their part right, China is the side that has the most power on the matter: Information is scarce as Chinese authorities have prevented foreign and Hong Kong media from entering and reporting on the region.

That people are being killed for religious beliefs.

I guess you missed the point as well, because these people were killed in a protest and religion had next to nothing to do with it.

If the currency of freedom was life, we would be freer today than before September 11th.

The currency of freedom is thought.

I would be very skeptical when reviewing so called evidence of deadly crackdowns, when the source is as biased as "pro-tibet" sources tend to be.

Those wounds appear to be from the new Chinese rifle cartridge, the 5.8x42mm - the Chinese round characteristically tumbles instead of blowing right through, and leaves slit-like exit wounds.

Additionally, there are some bodies with powder burns at the entrance wound, indicating a point blank range execution shot.

China owns the outlets of the media in China.

China has claimed the Dalai Lama called for violence, which is just nonsense.