Great commentary. That paper is consistently one of the best things I find on reddit.

I hope they are wrong but at least they have a different point of view than the US's lying corporate media.

I hope they are wrong because we will suffer if they are right.

By giving up some of our wealth, it's possible for all of them to have decent lives as well.

I look forward to America being humbled in the world arena.

If Americans stubbornly believe that the US is "the greatest country in the world," there's no impetus for change.

This jingoistic tenet inspires only stagnation, not innovation.

I think they've been blissfully unaware for many years of not only this momentem of change, but of their own ignorance toward world affairs involving their own Country.

It's going to be a shock when it drops on their front doorstep.

The US may be in decline but it is way too soon to declare the they have lost their superpower status.

No other country can come close to challenging the US militarily.

The US can also project its military power nearly anywhere in the world in a short period of time, something which most other countries cannot do.

The US got economics right, but public policy wrong.

The US also fought many wars, but none on her own soil since the revolution (or there abouts).

The real difference is that it takes a lot to turn a ship the size of the US.

The US has ALWAYS had bad Presidents, its the hazard of living in a democracy but we survived Jimmy Carter and we'll survive George Bush.

I'm not sure there are a lot of useful historical parallels for what China is doing right now.

The US may be in decline but it is way too soon to declare the they have lost their superpower status.

The US still has something like 1/4 of the world's GDP and 1/2 of the world's defense spending.

The US is a super-power because we have real power, military, economic, cultural it's all there.

The US has been here before in the late 70s.

We'll be here again a few decades down the road.

The wheel turns.