If you use a gallon of gas to go to work and a gallon back home while making minimum wage, you have to work 2 hours per day to pay off only your gas expenses.

I know a guy who works as a maintenance man in Beverly Hills. he lives 60 mi away. 60 x 2 % 12 mpg = 10 gal/day x $4 = $40. he said its more like 50-60 a day. some kind of truck.

If you have a decent car you should be getting getting close to 30 MPG on the highway.

We might find a whole new era of localisation on the horizon- people deciding not to commute 60 miles, but to start up a job more locally.

My Hyundai Accent that everyone laughs at me for (because I didn't buy an SUV) gets 32mpg in town and 36-40mpg (depending on weight in the car) on the highway.

**Carpool**

Find some coworkers you can share the commute with.

I call BULLSHIT!

Do you honestly think people are *profiting* from EIC? Jesus fucking christ - people qualifying for that are WORKING people who are likely at or below the fucking poverty level.

You know, I think it's people like you who have totally FUCKED the US economy.

At some point, it will be cheaper to feed, take care of, and ride a horse to work.

I live 50ft from the trainstation to NYC!

Property value will skyrocket!

I'm backpacking Europe this summer for a month. Going to do it entirely by train and public transit and bus.

Here in Canada we just had a long weekend. We pay this for gas: $5.18 / gallon.

I saw shitloads of RV's and Pickups and SUV's on the highway on the way to my fishing trip.

I carpool. One guy in my carpool has free parking, and I drive one week out of every four.

I take a commuter train about 30 miles from north of Boston - I walk to the station, always get a seat because I'm near the end of the line, and make use of my captive time reading, writing, and mopping up the day's work so that when I'm home I don't have to worry about it.

I'm going to be a bitch and say only someone who has never had to juggle their own home and reasonable employment (school, daycare, elderly parents, etc) would make such a comment.

The UK is already paying 7-8 dollars per gallon. All it did was motivate them to use smaller cars, diesel engines, and public transportation.

Until we feel the pain, we will do none of these things and therefore NEVER fix the problem.