The concept of "hate speech" has no place in a free world.

You can have free speech and hate speech or neither.

The issue here is 'Israeli Apartheid' is not hate speech though it has been deemed as such.

I agree.  There are already laws against threats and slander, we don't need more laws, especially bogus laws like those against "hate speech".

I agree with jimmiss, "you can have free speech and hate speech or neither".

I think every 50 years or so a government should be forced to wipe away all laws and start new again, from the ground up. Just to counter stupid stuff like this.

I'm not sure how you can say that about the university that takes up half of Toronto's downtown and whose professors are perpetually quoted in the media as sources for almost everything...

I'm just waiting for Political Correctness to double back on itself.

I'll know that has happened when the term "hate speech" is banned because it makes neo-nazis feel bad.

hate speech incites people to act violently, freedom of expression does not cover your freedom to provoke attacks.

It's like openly planning a riot and claiming it's 'free speech'.

Your right to express your views is not the same as trying to break the law.

Openly planning a riot is not a hate speech.

I'm sure there are laws that cover that case already (like conspiracy to commit ...).

I see AIPAC is hard at work in Canada.

So this university has just declared itself irrelevant.

It's like the Kansas schools declaring their students unqualified once they take evolution out of the classrooms.

They're right. Anything other than "genocide" is just offensive.

I live in Toronto.  The school was irrelevant before this happened :)

Don't you know? On reddit [every country](http://reddit.com/info/6h3qi/comments/c03tnmo) on earth have more human rights than the US.

Don't equate some dick university in Toronto with broadly held Canadian opinion.

These institutions, disproportionately in Toronto, routinely phuck up plans for open forums on issues.

It's been a problem for years.

Uni's like Ryerson and U of T especially are considered a bit of a joke by alumni at other campuses.

York University has always been useless.

The more I learn about Jefferson the more I revere him.

No, I mean like how George Washington did.

I wish I had that damned holocaust card.

The sexism and racial card are nothing compared to that one.

I'm pretty sure I could stop saying "Israeli Apartheid."

I fucking hope not; I live here.

The unfortunate thing is: The current government (despite the fact that they only have minority power) are very similar to the US iteration.

I wonder how many people who hate this outcome support "hate speech" restrictions in general.

Once you give the power to restrict speech, it will inevitably be used against causes you believe in not just ones you oppose.

Support free speech, end content-based "hate speech" bans.

They are incompatible with a free exchange of ideas.

The huge majority of North Americans have tunnel vision: they are mpervious to global trends and don't care about anything that doesn't immediately affect their little worlds.

They've been led to this via a [century of brainwashing](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=8953172273825999151) and are now very easy prey.

I'm not sure how you can say that about the university that takes up half of Toronto's downtown and whose professors are perpetually quoted in the media as sources for almost everything...

I'm just waiting for Political Correctness to double back on itself.

I'll know that has happened when the term "hate speech" is banned because it makes neo-nazis feel bad.

I'm not sure how you can say that about the university that takes up half of Toronto's downtown and whose professors are perpetually quoted in the media as sources for almost everything...

I'm just waiting for Political Correctness to double back on itself.

I'll know that has happened when the term "hate speech" is banned because it makes neo-nazis feel bad.

I'm not sure how you can say that about the university that takes up half of Toronto's downtown and whose professors are perpetually quoted in the media as sources for almost everything...

I'm just waiting for Political Correctness to double back on itself.

I'll know that has happened when the term "hate speech" is banned because it makes neo-nazis feel bad.