But of course, this only happened because of the negative media attention Wal-Mart was getting.

They're probably doing the same thing to hundreds of other employees right now, so don't think that they've changed their ethics as a company.

She got over $400,000 from Wal-Mart to pay her bills, and then after finishing her suit with her insurance company, got another $400,000.

Her bills only totalled $400,000, so this woman, thanks to the media, is pocketing $400,000.

Pocketing $400,000 that will be directly paid for by everyone of us who decides to shop there.

I don't see this a victory at all. A woman successfully scammed her insurance situation to gift herself $400,000. How is this a victory for consumers and employees?

I know!

How DARE Wal-Mart hold employees to the letter of the contracts they sign!

How dare Wal-mart pay insurance bills, and ask for their money back when their employees get money from another insurance provider (attempting to charge both companies for the same bills)

Jesus Christ! The Nerve of some companies protecting themselves from employees trying to scam them.

Her insurance will continue to care for her as required. She does not have to have TWO healthcare providers paying the same bills.

She had wal-mart pay the bills. Then, when her insurance company saw that and refused, she sued them and won.

I haven't read anything about 'no future benefits' or that she was removed from her insurance.

Only that she has an extra 400,000$ that contractually, she shouldn't have.

It's a victory for compassion.

Somewhere along the line, we've lost sight of the fact that we are all members of the same human race, and perhaps instead of whining about the 1 cent this is going to cost each and every Walmart consumer, you might just  remember that sometimes it doesn't hurt to just do the right thing and help someone.

The woman is in a nursing home with brain damage for christ's sake.

Personally I'd rather lose a wad of my cash every month if it improved the lives of other people, and try to live by those principals as much as possible.  Better to be slightly poorer in pocket, than morally bankrupt.

Wal-Mart’s response (please restrain your instinctive down-vote finger):

&gt; "This is a very sad case and we understand that people will naturally have an emotional and sympathetic reaction. While the Shank case involves a tragic situation, the reality is that the health plan is required to protect its assets so that it can pay the future claims of other associates and their family members. These plans are funded by associate premiums and company contributions. Any money recovered is returned to the health plan, not to the business. This is done out of fairness to everyone who contributes to and benefits from the plan. The Supreme Court recently declined to hear an appeal of the case, which concludes all litigation. While Wal-Mart's benefit plan was entitled to more than the amount that remained in the Shank trust, the plan only recovered the funds remaining in that trust," which according to reports amounted to about $277,000.

Wal-Mart was certainly within their legal rights to attempt to recover the money. Morally, however they FAIL.

It's really an opportunity for Wal-Mart to rethink how their benefit plan works.

Wal-Mart is bad and deserves to be called out when it's in the wrong, but this is simply not the case here.

Get off the Wal-Mart hate bandwagon and actually think about each case for yourself. Don't indiscriminately hate and judge.

Wal-Mart has the *right* to sue, but that doesn't mean that it should have sued.  It's about the richest company on the planet, and it never would have felt the loss of that much money.

It's a good thing we have people like Keith Olbermann to mask insurance fraud with melodramatic and righteous anger!

It's a shame, and I'm upset they dropped this. Now this woman has officially, successfully, double dipped.

She got over $400,000 from Wal-Mart to pay her bills, and then after finishing her suit with her insurance company, got another $400,000.

Her bills only totalled $400,000, so this woman, thanks to the media, is pocketing $400,000.

Pocketing $400,000 that will be directly paid for by everyone of us who decides to shop there.

I don't see this a victory at all. A woman successfully scammed her insurance situation to gift herself $400,000. How is this a victory for consumers and employees?