Fact is, drugs feel good.

I don't see how any rational person can support drugs remaining illegal.

Do you really think the government should be able to tell you what you can and can't put into your OWN BODY?

I think there should be an license system in place.

If you're caught buying for someone without a license you get jail time.

Alcohol & Benzos are the only drugs that you can die from during withdrawals.

Heroin is non-toxic to the body.

You could take it for 20 years and as long as you're clean with your needles you could quit and be left with nothing except the dying urge to start up again.

Try being an alcoholic for 20years and see how your body handles it.

I don't think any MP has the balls to stand up for what is right when faced with physical harm.

The reason they ban drugs like Marijuana is because they will replace billion dollar industries like tobacco and oil.

ALL DRUGS = LEGAL = FREEDOM

I strongly disagree with you (unless shown to be a danger to other people, I don't believe that the state has any right to interfere with any choice that an adult makes, however stupid that choice may seem).

I disagree with any sort of training, licensing , etc.

As long as they're old enough it's their responsibility to educate themselves- the definition of adult.

I don't care that much, but its still interesting to know there are some petty people willing to downvote based on message and not on reasonable standing.

I don't think I could have been any more eloquent with this than I was.

I don't think any rational person can support drugs becoming legal.

I think that the government has a responsibility to try and protect people from themselves, from peer pressure, and lastly to protect other people from the dangers of people under the influence.

The idea of shops or booths or vending machines selling drugs would seem like a twisted and darkened world to me.

I'm not sure if I could stand that.

What kind of message would that send?

Surely it would cause all kinds of damage, if more people had easier access to drugs.

It would be absolute bedlam.