skin is designed to keep foreign material out and it does a rather good job.

The outermost epidermis has around [200 layers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skin#Layers) of keratinized skin cells called the *stratum corneum* formed by repeated mitosis of the lower levels.

add to that the sperm cells themselves would die pretty quick too.

Thats because the only place they'll really thrive is the inside of a vagina, which puts out chemicals that is a lot more agreeable than your skin.

The size of a the head of a human sperm is about as big as the largest bacteria.

"In male humans, sperm cells consists of a head 5 µm by 3 µm and a tail 41 µm long."

"Bacterial cells are about one tenth the size of eukaryotic cells and are typically 0.5–5.0 micrometres in length."

The compounds in sunscreen are a whole load smaller than sperm, and are also coated in a lipid coat that allows them to pass through the skin.

The seminal vesicles secrete bicarbonate into the semen, making it basic.

This neutralizes the vaginal fluid upon contact allowing sperm to survive.

The vagina is acidic because unwanted bacteria and yeast growth is inhibited by low pH, not as natures contraceptive.

It's a trait that has been selected for by natural selection and evolution.

The premise is: if a million sperm are deposited by ejaculation and they are deposited into a harsh environment that kills off 98% of them, the 2% that survive will be said to be selected for.

Nature does not want contraception techniques - at all.

Nature naturally selects *for* anything that helps you make babies, and *against* anything that does not help you make babies.

In species where forced copulation is common, males have evolved longer penises, but females have coevolved convoluted vaginas with dead-end cul-de-sacs and spirals in the opposite direction of the male penis.

The cancer has spread to "distant" other parts of the body making it much more difficult to treat.

Skin cancer is extremely dangerous unchecked!

Skin cancer is the deadliest cancer among young people.

The most dangerous type of skin cancer is melanoma.

Your prognosis is based on the depth of the cancer.

A superficial cancer can simply be removed, and has an extremely good prognosis (99%+ survival).

If the cancer grows deep enough, it can penetrate the basal lamina and metastasize (spread throughout the body).

After spreading these colonies of cancer cells can begin to inhibit the normal function of various parts of your body, leading to death.

A cancer which has distant metastasis is essentially incurable- quite a contrast with an early-detected superficial melanoma.