Quality... not that I am aware of.

It seems far more likely that the type of booze you drink has an effect.

The amount of alcohol is the biggest factor.

There will be more variety of unwanted chemicals in a fine whisky than in cheap vodka.

The amount of bad stuff (non-ethanol alcohols like methanol) will vary more between types of drinks than over their pricetags.

The levels of methanol present should have almost no effect.

Hangovers are not just caused by dehydration, but by the metabolites of alcohol, notably acetyldehide.

I beleive that the body also has a very limited store of the enzyme that breaks down acetyldehide.

The type decides the timbre.

The citation below kinda agrees with me.

The second study then says that drinking spirits with high levels of "congeners" i.e. random organic compounds produced during production, cause worse hang overs.

The fact that it's bootleg causes this.

Without proper equipment and rigid adherence to production guidelines, making a safe product is difficult.

The good thing about drinking traces of methanol with your ethanol is that the latter is an antidote for the former.

The initial symptoms of methanol intoxication include central nervous system depression, headache, dizziness, nausea, lack of coordination, confusion, and with sufficiently large doses, unconsciousness and death.

The initial symptoms of methanol exposure are usually less severe than the symptoms resulting from the ingestion of a similar quantity of ethanol.

The proper name is acetaldehyde btw...

According to my professor, this is how lower quality alcohol gives you a worse hangover.

In low quality alcohol there is often a lot of other bacteria present during fermentation.

These bacteria eat sugar and produce METHANOL (as opposed to ethanol), and when that is broken down by your body it is turned into FORMALDEHYDE.

That's how it was explained to me in class.

Even expensive vodkas aren't methanol-free.

Methanol is a key component to the taste.

The level will be very precise and in the low ppm, but it won't be zero.

The sugars from the mixers are metabolized in the digestive tract as well - it doesn't matter which drink the sugars come from.

So does that mean that mixing your drinks (e.g. beer, then whiskey) doesn't really cause hangovers?

Right. That's just an urban myth.

The reality is probably just that you tend to drink more when you're mixing your drinks.

The milk is going to curdle from your stomach acid long before the tequila gets to it.

I would love to see someone with access to a Mass Spectrometer review a bunch of liquors and give a scientific, chemical analysis of the actual differences.

What exactly is in each one, in what percentages, etc.

Why hasn't someone already done a review site like this?

Honestly, vodka is supposed to be just water and ethanol.

So the ideal vodka would be the purest water and the purest ethanol.

An analysis in a mass spec could prove once and for all which is truly the best vodka.

Layman here, but vodka is judged based on how pure it is, how close to only ethanol and water.

The best vodkas are the best filtered/purified ones.

Some of the things that give you a hangover also contribute to the flavor of the alcohol.

Tequila probably has a few different compounds which make you really sad.

People who get massive headaches from drinking alcohol often have an increased sensitivity to these other compounds.

Some people can only drink vodka or risk a massive headache, I mean not a hangover but a quickly arriving pain.

Actually a lot of alcohols will make you intoxicated, ethanol is the least toxic of them.

As is it takes a lot of ethanol to kill your liver, drinking a few milliliters of methanol will turn you blind.

While this is a terribly phrased answer, he has a point that cheap booze often contains impurities to which some people are extremely sensitive.

Filtration via activated carbon typically reduces this effect greatly because the harmful molecules are absorbed by the carbon.

Many studies have been performed where the cheapest vodkas have been filtered numerous times through activated carbon to achieve a final product indistinguishable from expensive vodkas by professional taste testers.

First let's review how alcohol is produced.

In the fermentation process yeast eats sugars and produces CO2 and Ethanol.

When you drink alcohol, your body easily breaks down the ethanol into Acetylaldehyde, a substance that breaks downs into sugar and fat and whatever else with no problems.

In low quality alcohol there is often a lot of other bacteria present during fermentation.

These bacteria eat sugar and produce METHANOL (as opposed to ethanol), and when that is broken down by your body it is turned into FORMALDEHYDE.

Meaning when you wake up in the morning you feel bad because you are "partially embalmed".

That's how it was explained to me in class.

I hope that helps.