Most physicists believe that quantum uncertainty lies at the heart of galaxies and the largest structures in the Universe.

The reason is that during inflation - a period of accelerated expansion thought to have taken place in the very earliest moments after the Big Bang - the Universe was expanding so rapidly that quantum fluctuations on microscopic scales were blown up to astronomical proportions.

Being too far apart to communicate causally, different ends of these fluctuations "froze in," leaving variations in the density of the Universe which we observe in the cosmic microwave background and which, eventually, gave rise to the large-scale structure of the Universe.

Without the quantum fluctuations during inflation, there's no other way to produce the cosmic structure we see today while also staying consistent with observation.

Anyway, quantum entanglement can never communicate any *information* faster than light to begin with.

Newtonian physics isn't a full description of reality in any case.

Think of them as setting the stuff that goes into those laws.

they explain quite naturally how those bumps arose (because as long as you have a period of inflation, these fluctuations come with it automatically) and they also make predictions for the sizes of the bumps which are in excellent agreement with what we observe looking at the cosmos.

Once you measure the particle the entanglement is broken.

you could just use a modulated laser (for example, or microwaves, etc.) to send massive quantities of information at light speed without having to invoke entanglement.

the wavelength for macroscopic objects, such as baseballs and planets, is so small as to be virtually undetectable.

The many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics argues that this may actually be the case, and that we're just experiencing one possible scenario out of an infinite domain of quantum probability.

quantum decoherence provides an explanation for the transition of the system to a mixture of states that seem to correspond to those states observers perceive.