It's interesting that the emergent consciousness of the highly parallel brain would lead to one highly serialized stream of consciousness rather than multiple.

No you cannot multitask- you essentially do more than one thing at a time, but switch really quickly between those things.

There is some evidence that multitasking actually is bad for your cognitive health.

It seems like it would be more efficient if we could consciously do more than one thing at a time.

This may not be true. A lot of studies recently have shown the decrease in efficiency when we multitask too much.

It's hard to get much more than speculative about that though, even for those of us who are doing research in related fields.

It would be deleterious to have two streams of consciousness because it would imply two decision making processes, which could lead to strange race conditions.

The answer to your question about how many thoughts we can hold at once has to do with the size of WM and the ['chunking'](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chunking_\(psychology\)) of the relevant thoughts.

I can have one dominant 'voice' and also simultaneously have other voices saying something independent but simpler.

I can think about something complex, and count to a hundred, and look around the room naming the colours of things. All three vocalised in my mind and occurring simultaneously.

What does appear to be more limited to a single 'stream' is selective attention, which is often referred to as serial.

The limitations on attention (or consciousness, if you want) are due to:
* The resource-intensive demands of certain cognitive tasks
* the limited processing resources of the brain.

There's plenty of research suggesting that we have two (or more) systems dedicated to decision making, although only one of them (typically called, snappily, "System 2") is generally seen as involving conscious awareness.

Consciousness is poorly understood. It's been theorized that consciousness is an extension of working memory, which can hold a limited amount of information.

Consciousness [is] our ability to be aware and our ability to construct an inner narrative.