You should turn on your air conditioner, but temperature doesn't matter much.

If your car has a "defrost/defog" setting, use that.

You want hot air on the window to defrost it and cold air in the cab.

It can help with *exterior* condensation by heating the window enough to liquify the ice so that windshield wipers do their job, but if the moisture is on the inside the heater by itself will just make the cab's air wet.

Check if the air is on recirculation, this is the most common case of fogging the windows... put it on to get air from outside.

So you can turn AC on and set the temperature to hot?

Not only this, but sometimes simply rolling the windows can help.

AC stands for air conditioning, which does not mean only cooling the air.

In most cars that are equipped with A/C, the defrost setting turns on the A/C because the system removes water from the air.

Here's a protip: secondary to turning the ac on make sure your windows are clean.

The entire AC assembly is turned on.

The cold air is necessary to run the evaporator coils that extract water from the air.

The refrigerant that is pumped thru the AC system never touches air.

The air is simply blown past the cold evaporator like a radiator.

Is the fog on the inside or outside?

If the inside is fogging up, it is probably from your breath, and either heat or cold will help clear it up.

Your car has a defog option.

To defog more effectively, you can turn the temperature up and leave the AC button on as it will dehumidify the air.

On the inside mostly, so it looks like drying out the air to reduce condensation would help in my case.

I was mistaken, the evaporator is where the moisture is extracted from the air, not the condenser.

In reality, dehumidification is an inherent side effect of air conditioning.

So for best results, you want to turn on the A/C *and* turn on the heat.

The A/C system will dehumidify the air, you can then blow the cool dry air out or subsequently run it through the heater core to warm it up.

Go to Walmart, Target, or any auto parts store and check out a product called Fog-X.

AC + heat.