It is current that hurts you.

you need a high voltage for the current to overcome the resistance of your skin.

also be aware that even current less than one amp is enough to kill you if it pass through your heart

It is current that hurts you.

But you have to remember that most power circuits are *voltage sources* with some sort of internal resistance.

So even though the car battery has a very low internal resistance (it can push more current if needbe), it's NOT going to be able to push much current through your skin.

Your 120 volt outlet will send approximately 10x as many amps through you, since the voltage is higher.

The outlet doesn't provide 10 A constantly. It can provide up to 10 A.

The human body has a pretty high resistance, on the order of megaohms(depending on the distance between contact points on the skin).

The thing to add to this discussion is that the human body is not a simple resistor.

Human skin can vary in resistance from 500Ohm to over 100k Ohm (whether its wet, dry, etc).

Voltage doesn't kill, current kills, you just said so yourself.

you can have 100,000 volts but the source generates .0000001A so you are fine.

you have to have enough flow of electrons, aka current.

Voltage without current is not enough.

Current in the absence of voltage (however it gets there) can kill.

As the current approaches 100 milliamps, ventricular fibrillation of the heart occurs - an uncoordinated twitching of the walls of the heart's ventricles which results in death.

The cyclical nature of AC has a tendency to cause muscle contractions that make it harder to let go.

High-voltage DC often causes a large single muscle contraction that throws the victim away from the source.

AC of the same voltage is considered to be approximately 3 times more dangerous than DC, because the cyclic flow of electrons causes muscle tetany that tends to prolong victims' exposure to the source.

The lethality of an electric shock is dependent on several variables:

1. Current (the higher the current, the more likely it is lethal)

2. Duration (the longer the duration, the more likely it is lethal — safety switches may limit time of current flow)

3. Pathway (if current flows through the heart muscle, it is more likely to be lethal)

4. Voltage (the higher the voltage, the lower the resistance and the more likely dielectric breakdown occurs)

The human body is not a simple resistor.