Theoretically, yes.

The problem with this is the fact that the condom is likely only to come into contact with a few pathogenic bacteria, so you'd *need* some type of signal amplification to see a difference.

The major issue with this is their shelf life would be relatively short, you would need some mechanism to keep the reagents separated until you were finished with sex and normally these types of experiments are run with labelled secondary antibodies to improve specificity so you would need to keep the condom intact and gently remove it post-sex and then complete further experimentation.

It would probably be blue light to result in green fluorescence not red (stokes shift) :D

The outer membranes would have to be sturdy enough to keep all the ELISA packets from breaking up.

The basement membrane would be your standard keep-the-AIDS away condom material.

It would just have to be sheer numbers of receptors.

It would be easier to allow for users to "develop" the condom after the fact by adding it to a colorimetric solution.

Even if someone made this, it would be like $400 per condom and you'd have to keep it refrigerated, and even then the shelf like might only be a few months.

The reaction's constant temperature and visible fluorescence and turbidity for positive samples make it a good candidate for use as a field diagnostic test.

The reaction also currently takes 30-60 minutes.

You'd have a bunch of sandwiched fabrics in the tip of the condom.

The bottom layer (the one that touches your junk) would be typical condom material.

The outer layers, however, would be permeable and separated from each other by thin layers of chemicals that would detect different kinds of STDs, presumably one per layer of fabric in the tip.

Those chemicals would trigger a reaction that would cause another chemical in the tip to glow, indicating that an infection was present.

It wouldn't work.

It would be incredibly expensive for each condom...

The tests used at a doctors office (the quick (less accurate)) tests for these ailments are color based.

The problem with this is the fact that the condom is likely only to come into contact with a few pathogenic bacteria, so you'd *need* some type of signal amplification to see a difference.

The mucus in the vagina will likely cause problems with antigen-antibody specificity.

Lastly the condoms would be hella expensive.

Theoretically yes, practically no.