The optimum population is, then, less than the maximum.

The difficulty of defining the optimum is enormous; so far as I know, no one has seriously tackled this problem.

We want the maximum good per person; but what is good?

To one person it is wilderness, to another it is ski lodges for thousands.

To one it is estuaries to nourish ducks for hunters to shoot; to another it is factory land.

Comparing one good with another is, we usually say, impossible because goods are incommensurable.

Incommensurables cannot be compared.

Theoretically this may be true; but in real life incommensurables are commensurable.

Only a criterion of judgment and a system of weighting are needed.

In nature the criterion is survival.

Is it better for a species to be small and hideable, or large and powerful?

Natural selection commensurates the incommensurables.

The compromise achieved depends on a natural weighting of the values of the variables.

Man must imitate this process.

There is no doubt that in fact he already does, but unconsciously.

It is when the hidden decisions are made explicit that the arguments begin.

The problem for the years ahead is to work out an acceptable theory of weighting.

Synergistic effects, nonlinear variation, and difficulties in discounting the future make the intellectual problem difficult, but not (in principle) insoluble.

Has any cultural group solved this practical problem at the present time, even on an intuitive level?

One simple fact proves that none has: there is no prosperous population in the world today that has, and has had for some time, a growth rate of zero.

Of course, a positive growth rate might be taken as evidence that a population is below its optimum.

However, by any reasonable standards, the most rapidly growing populations on earth today are (in general) the most miserable.

This association (which need not be invariable) casts doubt on the optimistic assumption that the positive growth rate of a population is evidence that it has yet to reach its optimum.