Here are the selected sentences:

What do you like about this subreddit? What would you like for us to change? Does the panel really help? Is it too big/inclusive? Too small/exclusive?

Behind every question is a curious individual who would like an answer to a question that they at least perceive to be scientific -- or they wouldn't be here.

I don't think that you're trying to build up a collection of the most interesting questions in science, but rather to answer the questions of individuals with an interest in science.

My immediate reaction was: "no, because then we don't have a tool for getting rid of non-questions, spam, and trolls".

One 'issue' that I've stepped in a couple times with that I've seen come up is panelists - who are obviously knowledgeable people - answering questions outside their domain without first doing research and kinda going with their gut/what they've heard.

That being said I wish there was some way of highlighting responses that have references in them rather than just an answer.

Is club soda the best way to get it out, or should I use something else?

I think of questions from the audience like a developer in a code review saying "you know, this isn't really clear what you're doing here and I think you should add a comment".

I find that this is most definitely not the case. Some non-panelists give good answers, but most non-panelists give incorrect, meaningless answers that only sound scientific through the (mis)use of scientific jargon.

The problem is it's difficult to mix being funny with appearing to be serious, and people come here to ask us questions in the hope that we'll take them seriously.

In /r/science, you someone as a seemingly innocent question like, "Is carbon dating always accurate?" Being the pedantic nit pickers we are, he gets a dozen minor special cases where it is inaccurate, and suddenly the message is, "Scientists say carbon dating is wildly inaccurate!", which gets echoed in his religious forums.

To summarize what I mean to say: Because people here tend to love science and want to spread the love, downvoting the questions of those who haven't seen the light of science is counterproductive. Instead: _use science to convince them_.

Yeah me too.

Yes, that is how it works now, in our tiny little science treehouse. The signal to noise ratio is still very high, as is the expert/layman ratio.

You are assuming we can use science to convince them. But they don't want to be convinced. They are apologists trolling for ammo.