Here are the selected sentences from the original text, separated by newlines:

I notice that sometimes bigger animals seem to live longer, but then I think about how many domestic cats can live 20+ years, but most domesticated dogs live only around 10 years, so that seems to negate my thought.

Its something like 1.5 billion heartbeats and most living organisms are around that mark.

In truth, we don't know. There is correlatory data indicating that average heart beats over lifetime for mammals is approximately similar.

Size seems to be irrelevant considering that humans can live the same length of time as some medium sized birds.

There are a number of hormones and genes attributed to affecting senescence but no confirmed complete view of what causes length of life.

But the question is still why this is the case - after all the heart doesn't just shut down after that many beats, and it's often other organs entirely that fail.

I would probably start by looking into metabolism in general.

Depends which out of metabolism or heartbeat you pick as the cause and the effect I suppose!

In a guided tour of a zoo last year I heared that for monkeys life expectancies roughly correlates with their grade of sedentariness.

This isn't an answer to your question, but there are evolutionary reasons behind why animals produce many offspring that die young while others produce few that live a long time (a.k.a. low and high fecundity).

One animal (e.g. sea turtle) might have a litter of a few hundred babies, with the expectation that many will be eaten, starve, etc. in their first two years.

I'm not sure if your hypothesis is true or not, but if we extrapolate from what we know about fecundity, it would make sense that a large predatory animal has opportunities to live longer while a smaller animal of prey might produce a lot of offspring that die young (and do its best to reproduce early in case it bites the dust).

Lifespan is something that like all traits is under natural selection.

In cats and dogs, however, it's a bit more messy because they've been subject to artificial selection.