Here are the selected sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

The Big Bang started with an extremely hot and dense state.

Given the new understandings of dark matter and dark energy that seems to give the universe a total energy of zero, does this require that the initial state was still extremely hot and dense or could the initial state be an unstable, cold nothing, that exploded to create matter, heat and leave negative energy?

Dark matter and dark energy are not 'negative matter' or 'negative energy'. The energy content of the universe is not necessarily zero.

If one assumes that the total energy in the universe is zero, then there would have to be a way of having negative energy to balance all of the positive energy we observe (normal matter, dark energy, dark matter).

The best theory I have seen is that you can write the expansion of space-time as being due to it having negative energy. All of the 'stuff' has positive energy, expanding space-time has negative energy.

at 32:45 he says that gravity has negative energy and that the total energy in the universe is zero.

We do not have enough information to say for sure what happened before a time shortly after the Big Bang.

You need the total energy to be 0 if you want a flat universe. Observation of the CMB indicates that that is the case.

I'm operating under the assumption that our best model for the large scale structure of the universe is the Friedmann-Lemaître-Robertson-Walker model.

I could easily be wrong.

The idea that the energy is 0 for a flat universe comes from solving the Friedman's equation. The constant k from the geometry of the universe (which is related to the density parameter k~\Omega-1 ) can be related to the negative value of the total energy of the system (~-E), so if \Omega is 1 then k is zero, so is the total energy.

The total energy density is Omega_tot = Omega_m + Omega_Lambda + Omega_r (but radiation can be neglected). The Omega_k term comes up in the Friedmann equation, but is not an energy density, it is simply 1 - Omega_tot. And the total energy density does not become zero if Omega_k vanishes.

Omega_k is the only value here that is zero in a flat universe.

Try and visualize it like a normal Newtonian system, and rewrite the Friedman equations as E=T+V, with T given by the expansion of the universe, and V a gravitational potential produced by the total mass densities. You will see that for an adiabatic expansion, E is constant and proportional to -k (k is the curvature factor). That is why the total energy is zero.

Yes, people keep saying things like that, but I have yet to see a derivation of the fact.