Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

I'm not concerned with determining the specific age of the planet. 

Any advice? I work with a reasonably open minded creationist (yes I know that sounds like an oxymoron). He understands my explanations of evolution, but I can't convince him that the planet is old enough to allow for the process of evolution to produce what we have today if we started from essentially nothing.

Essentially, based on several measurements of growth rates of several (naturally occurring) clones of the same plant over time, they can get a pretty solid range within which the growth rate would fluctuate. If they know the size of the colony over all, then they can use that growth rate to estimate an age. 

I've also considered continental drift, but I don't know how to 'prove' that we started off with a sort of pangaea to begin with.

Yeah the large majority of evidence for this is the fossil record.

The problem is that these guys, and I know because I was one, are creative when they respond to counter arguments. For example, he might say God made the universe to look old, just like he made Adam a grownup and not a newborn. 

Many people do not realize the vastness of space - they know that the stars are far away, but have no real grasp of *how far* they are. The distances to the closest galaxies have been accurately measured in the hundreds of thousands of years. Take, for instance, the Large Magellanic Cloud which has been accurately measured to lie roughly 168,000 light years away using the light echoes from a supernova that occurred inside it.

That is not the farthest back in time we can see - we see galaxies that are hundreds of millions and even billions of light years away. For the farthest objects we see, it took billions of years for the light from them to reach us.

I have recently published two books dealing with this information and my recent deconversion from fundamental Christianity and young earth creationism.

Your experience is very, very interesting... it reminds me of Bart Ehrman. 

How about the iron core of the planet? The fact that it is iron is known because of the earth's magnetic field (formed by dynamo effect in the flowing iron of the molten outer core), and also because the earth's gravity and moment of inertia require a heavy core.

This process takes millions of years. Wikipedia cites 500 million as when the iron core formed, but you can check the references yourself.

Numerous things require the earth to be significantly older than 10k years, but young-earth creationists can easily discount them.

Sedimentary deposits, varves, radioisotopes, ice cores, tree rings, plate tectonics, manganese nodules, orbital dynamics...

The list goes on and on...