Here is the summary of the original text:

cooked food has more calories that humans can use than uncooked food because cooked food is a lot easier to digest.

True, and another factor is that our modern food system often has quite a delay between slaughter and consumption which gives more time for bacteria to breed.

And to add, there are actually quite a few raw meats available. Sushi/raw fish can be had almost anywhere. Raw oysters are also quite common. I've had beef carpaccio (raw beef filet sliced thin) at several restaurants, and a rare steak is essentially uncooked in the middle (truly rare does not heat the middle enough to kill bacteria). I've never heard of raw poultry though...

Torisashi is a Japanese dish with raw chicken.

it's [true](http://jn.nutrition.org/content/128/10/1716.full) for some foods, though.

The answers so far are not correct.

Most carnivores to not have a greatly more acidic stomach than humans, and indeed, carnivore duodenum tends to be closer to neutral. See: http://deepblue.lib.umich.edu/bitstream/2027.42/41512/1/11095_2004_Article_306447.pdf For a peer-reviewed review of Dog vs Human.

Also, saying that "oh but the bacteria is a modern invention" doesn't answer the question because usually carnivore can eat the same meat without getting noticeably sick.

The most general answer is because of intestinal transit times. Food spends over twice as long in your small intestines as it does in your average carnivore. Carnivores have short intestines. Herbivores in have long ones. Omnivores, in the middle. Bactaria grow exponentially, thus, spending twice as long in the intestines could mean a huge (10, 100, 1000x) increase in the bactarial load.

Is the premise of this question even right?

Seems to me like many *do* get sick, as evidenced by the fact that many have parasites making them dangerous for us to eat raw.

You were on to a winner... and then... no. Yes, you're right, the fear of undercooked meats is hugely overplayed. As people have said, you can happily eat raw chicken, pork, beef, fish. So long as it is properly raised, slaightered, butchered and prepared. But food poisoning caused by errors in the process isn't just a western problem..

*you can happily eat raw chicken, pork, beef, fish. So long as it is properly raised, slaightered, butchered and prepared.*

I was referring to people being bitches about how the need for everything to be thoroughly cooked as the strictly western issue.

Mmmm.... ground raw beef, mixed with raw egg, mustard, ketchup, onions, garlic, some spices... served on toast. Best. Food. Ever.

Nobody ever wants to try it though. :(

Pussies.

Cooking food is primarily beneficial because it makes it easier to digest, so less energy is needed to extract nutrition from it. That it also has the benefit of killing many harmful bacteria is a happy side effect that our germ-conscious culture has elevated to priority.

By applying heat to our food we begin the process of breaking down structural proteins--in effect, cooking is the first step in digestion.

The emphasis placed on thoroughly cooking store-bought meat, and washing your hands when handling raw foods, is more a matter of liability than anything else.