Here are the extracted sentences:

1. You could construct what's called a "baghdad battery". It's essentially a clay pot with some common acids inside that produce a small electrical charge.
2. One wouldn't be enough but I'm sure that wiring enough up would produce enough electricity to charge it up.
3. Make a simple battery out of two dissimilar metals. The voltage depends only on the metals involved and not on the organization of the battery.
4. Copper wire and magnets (or electromagnets) are essential components for a dynamo.
5. But if you're already taking a laptop, bring an alternator (or a bottle dynamo) with you and stick it on a waterwheel or windmill.
6. They even output AC.
7. Exactly, you don't need electricity to recharge a battery, and many of the non-rechargeable batteries can be charged like this.
8. Sulphuric acid has been known since ancient times and been used in etching for milenia, since it naturally occurs.
9. The Seebeck effect has two main drawbacks. The first is wattage. The effect does not generate much power, probably not enough to overcome the fronting charge of the LiIon battery.
10. Otherwise, nitric acid is also widely available, though less efficient.
11. Lightning strike on a solenoid with iron inside.
12. What would you want to do with your laptop during the renaissance? Honest question.
13. Yea, why a laptop if a hard drive could hold 10,000 of books, bring books instead.
14. Or show them laptop.
15. I am time traveller! - it may easier to prove that you really have something special by showing any video rather than pile of strange sheets - it would be crucial to gain access to ruler.
16. amusement - try any wallpaper or game to impress anybody.
17. *(may require programmer + software to use) - absurd computing power - lets compare with ENIAC (designed to calculate artillery firing tables for the United States Army's Ballistic Research Laboratory - for nearly $6 million [adjusted for inflation]).
18. *knowledge storage device - it may be way better than any medium due to single thing - search.
19. Also, it can store audio and video (I would like to see King of Something watching any video made by NASA).