Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

Let's assume we could clone Einstein. Awesome, now we've got an amazing baby Albert Eistein. Let's put him in some interesting situations!

1. Sudan - Yup, we're going to raise the wee baby Einstein in the Sudan. Due to widespread political problems, there's a high chance that he will go malnourished through his childhood.

2. Upper class US citizen - Alright, so now the wee baby Einstein has everything. Money, private tutors, best-in-world education, etc.

3. Middle class 1st world - Ok, this seems like a good choice, right? Wrong.

In other words, it is not clear that intelligence is a purely genetic thing, but rather it seems to be more like a combination of effects that include aspects from nurture as well as nature?

Yes. Clearly, the genetics of a lizard prevent it from making breakthroughs in modern physics. Genetics must have *some* role in it.

Is it possible that although he does not become a brilliant physicist, he might be equally brilliant in another field? Could he become an amazing artist? Engineer? Or medical doctor?

We're never going to have an answer to this question. Not because we can't, but because we won't.

You are still justifying why we haven't, not exploring what would happen if we did. Many thought experiments and discussions can be explored with out crossing the line of ethics.

I mean if intelligence is purely decided by environment, why do sperm donors have to complete tests scoring their intelligence?

Because the people paying for sperm care about stuff like that. Same reason donations to certain places from redheads is prohibited. There's not a market demand for it. It has **ZERO** to do with science.

Nothing about this question can be answered through the results of the scientific process.

Now that that is established, what would the characteristics be? None of your arguments have come close to answering the OP's question.

WE DO NOT KNOW. WE HAVE NEVER DONE IT AND ANY ANSWER WOULD BE PURE SPECULATION, NOT SCIENCE.

Does that answer ops question?

We have cloned animals. Did those clones have similar potentials to the originals?

With regards to intelligence? I don't know.