Here are some extracted sentences from the original text:

1. However, if someone (unlike Rossi) provides compelling evidence, and the results are replicated by independent teams, then the phenomenon deserves a much more careful investigation.
2. The reaction might be catalyzed in a way previously unforeseen.
3. As claimed though, for a LENR type environment, this is not the method utilized to initiate the fusion reaction.
4. Supposedly, and again I'm not saying it's realistic, the high volume of electrons being forced through the lattice help to mitigate the electrostatic repulsion of the fusion reactants.
5. That being the case, your initial statement that "you need to slam them together with massive force to overcome the repulsive electrostatic force" would not be a valid rejection.
6. Science is the practice of organizing knowledge.
7. Theory is just there to help classify data.
8. Organizing experimental observations is the practice of science.
9. It is also incorrect to assume that working cold fusion requires that the current understanding of nuclear reactions is wrong.
10. It is not, we need energy to overcome the repulsive force between atomic nuclei, there is nowhere near this energy available in cold fusion, hence cold.
11. If there is another mechanism form fusing nuclei without overcoming the coulomb barrier then it is unknown, making it correct to say we would need a new understanding of nuclear reactions to explain cold fusion.
12. I am a professional plasma physicist.
13. Yes. None of their papers ever really claim cold fusion, they just say "we saw this heat, we think it is from nuclear reaction" no mechanism for the how and never reliably reproducible.
14. To be honest, I am done with this thread, least polite and most controversial thread ever.
15. This is surprising given it is on a topic that is completely non-controversial (all physicists agree cold fusion isn't possible, except those who are trying to get funding for cold fusion research).
16. I think there is a hefty amount of [mount stupid](http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=2475) in this thread.
17. At room temperature the 1 mol of palladium is approximately 10ml.
18. It is well known that deuterium can load into palladium at a ratio of greater than 0.8.
19. 1 mol of deuterium gas at room temperature is 22L.
20. You are plainly mistaken.

Please note that these sentences were extracted from the original text and may not be in context or grammatically correct when taken out of their original context.