Here are the sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. How about using two building blocks instead of one as seen in [inorganic alternating copolymers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inorganic_polymer)?
2. It's a bit like comparing looking into a flashlight and staring into the sun for 2 hours. Sure, they're both "light", but it's just completely different magnitudes.
3. Yeah so did I, I saw it for the first time on TV last night and Googled it this morning. Dammit.
4. Indeed, it seems to me if I were to take the monumental task of designing a non-carbon-based lifeform from scratch a polymer consisting of alternating boron and nitrogen (or even phosphorus) atoms would be a good place to start, primarily because such building units seems to have the potential to emulate some of the behaviour seen in carbon including [aromaticity](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borazine) but also because it would be interesting to see if it's possible to exploit the propensity of [boranes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borane) to readily form polyhedral structures, something that is not seen in hydrocarbons.
5. Thus, I wouldn't be too surprised if this exotic hypothetical biochemistry would hold an advantage over a more conventional carbon-based one on a cold ammonia rich planet.
6. Keeping all these thing in mind I would be less surprised by the discovery of a boron-based organism than that of a silicon-based one. Anyway it's pretty fun to speculate about boron-based lifeforms living in the proximity of boron hotspots in the same manner nonphotosynthetic organisms live near hydrothermal vents on Earth on a otherwise boron poor ice planet.
7. What basis could you possibly have for saying that Earth-like planets slightly further toward their star are any rarer than Earths with ice?
8. I'll give you another one:  Earth, but without significant axial tilt. Without seasons, most of the planet will be warm enough that ice would never form.
9. Also, your assertion that any local deviation of the atmosphere below the freezing point of a liquid would completely destroy the biosphere if the liquid doesn't float is patently ridiculous.