Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

Since asphalt has a very low albedo, either due to it being black or from the tars it uses, would adding a dye, such as green, to the mixture increase its albedo? I'd imagine this may reduce urban island effects due to heat increases.

Asphalt is also recyclable. When they tear it up, it goes back into the slurry they use to pour a new layer. [About 80% of the torn up stuff gets reused.]

It does last longer, but when you get potholes or degradation, concrete is a pain in the ass to maintain.

Asphalt can be driven on the same day it's laid down, and as salamander said, recyclable.

I think snow plows are responsible for many of those pot holes.

Most of them are probably dyed, unless you are buying them in Arizona or surrounding areas.  It's pretty expensive to haul red sand thousands of miles to make paving stones.

Asphalt does have SOME advantages over concrete. Mainly that it stands up to chains or studded tires much MUCH better than concrete, which has a tendency to crumble under such loads.

In addition, Concrete holds up less well to the stress of cold climates because of all the stretching, compressing and buckling the earth does when thawing after freezing solid.

The adhering badly to everything kinda explains why I often see chunks of asphalt off to the side of road in urban areas around here, correct me if I'm wrong.

An asphalt road is cheaper than a concrete one, a concrete asphalt hybrid is cheaper than concrete only. All 3 types have a wear course, the asphalt wear course is the best one for drivers for audio reasons as well as vibration ones.

When an asphalt road is built with an ideal engineered base it will perform equally to any concrete road.

Concrete can be bad in the cold since it cracks and handles the expansion and contraction much worse. Asphalt just moves, concrete spalls.

We have some red asphalt roads where I live. Its not from dying, its from being so old the oil is lost.

When an asphalt road is built very close to a continuous rock surface they will hold up exceptionally well.

I have no idea how to dye and asphalt road the ingredients we are dealing with is bitumen and rock. (bitumen is black).

FYI, its partly incorrect. Asphalt is placed over concrete very often.