Here are the selected sentences:

Let's say somehow tomorrow we find/are given/discover a method of space travel that would allow you to get in a ship and go explore any star in our galaxy (or others). Somehow your ship can move across the vast expanse of space in a timely manner.

My question has to do with navigation. When we plan a trip to say Mars, we can figure out what path to take by doing the math for where we are and where Mars is and adjust for where it will be when we get there right? How could we do this with a distant star? One that's light took years just to get to us?

Astronomers can track star movements across the sky and can estimate distances pretty accurately. As long as you had those two pieces of information for your destination and knew how long it would take to travel that distance (to adjust the flight path for the illusion of a distant star's location in the sky) you could navigate accurately.

One option is to use [pulsars to define cosmic location](http://arxiv.org/abs/0905.4121). Individual pulsars are readily identifiable by their rate of spin (pulsation).

Guiding things in space is surprisingly tough. Even to send things to Mars we regularly need to make a variety of course corrections on the way.

I don't see why we couldn't do that given the right information. Interstellar travel should only vary in the distance between you and your destination, and the direction you're heading in. Everything else is the same (given you're traveling at the same speed all the time).

Well, once we knew the planet was there, sure; orbital mechanics are predictable and well-known, so once we've observed a body's orbital velocity, it would be fairly easy to do these calculations.

As for finding your location based off of the stars you see, that would depend entirely on the equipment you have on board, but probably. The easiest way, as rocksinmyhead already mentioned, would be to look for pulsars, since they're so easy to identify, but how quickly and accurately you could determine your exact location would depend mostly on how complete and accurate your maps are, and how good your astronomical equipment is.

Thanks for the reply.

So what you and XtortionBear are saying is that if we had such a drive system dropped in our lap tomorrow, we would still be years off from building a way to safely navigate it because we do not have a 3D star chart that updates in real-time yet?

As for how far we are from having the necessary computing power to safely navigate, we could probably do it right now, at least to the level needed to not hit any known bodies, and to get in the right general vicinity with superluminal travel.