Here are the selected sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

I've been told that the wavelengths that can pass through a barrier such as a wall between two rooms is directly related to the thickness(?) of the wall, apart from the material characteristics itself.
So a regular wall might allow lower wavelengths to pass through (like the bass-y tones in a song can be heard next door but not the entire song itself).
Now if the wall were to be thinner we'd have even mid frequencies passing through the wall (like someone speaking can be overheard next door).

Sound waves, like all forms of energy, can do one of three things when confronted with an object (a wall): Either reflect off the surface, be absorbed by the object, or pass right through it.

With bass frequencies, they are literally longer than higher frequencies. In technical terms, the period of a low frequency is longer than that of a higher frequency.

When a wave enters a new medium, it is refracted according to snell's law: (refractive index of one medium)*sin(angle of wave propogation from the normal) = (refractive index of other medium)*sin(angle of wave propogation from the normal in that medium)

Index of refraction for sound has to do with the structure of the material *and* the frequency of the wave.

Radomes in radio design are covers for radio equipment which are particularly designed in both thickness and material such that they pass the deisred frequency perfectly and perhaps also absorb or reflect undesired frequencies.

Sound Transmission Loss (STL,the amount of sound level lost from one side of a wall to the other) is dominated by the frequency of the sound and the mass of the wall.

In general, doubling the mass of the wall will result in a 6dB improvement in transmission loss. Also, transmission loss generally increases by 6dB every time you double the frequency.

So the thickness of the wall is not as important as the mass.
That is, a 1 inch thick lead wall, will be much much better than a 1 inch thick plaster board wall.

Things get more complicated, because the STL of a wall is reduced at the resonant frequency of the wall.