Here is the summary:

Watch this video where firefighters fought oil with water: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NGT4vph0sU

My questions are:
1) how hot would it have been at the centre of the blaze?

2) At its peak in intensity, what distance from the fire would you have to be to get the same radiation as you do from the sun? (does this radiation entirely consist of infrared?)

3) Are the energies that occurred at all comparable to those produced by a small portion of the sun?

4) Would it be correct to say that in effect, a tiny, short-lived star was produced?

To answer your number 4, no. The rapid burning of the oil in conjunction with the steam is an oxidizing reaction, whereas a star is a fusion reaction between atoms. Two completely different things.

1) Difficult to say, really. Someone with a lot of experience of fire might be able to make a good guess. The temperature depends not just on what's burning, but even more on how fast (depending on the oxygen supply) and how fast the heat can dissipate.

2) Well, you wouldn't get quite the same radiation as from the sun, as you can see, the fire is red-yellow while sunlight is almost white. (So both consist of both visible and infrared radiation) The radiation profile of sunlight (very near an ideal [black-body](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_body)) is different, and concentrated at shorter (more visible) wavelengths, since it's hotter. The surface of the sun (and its blackbody spectrum) is about 6000 K, while the fire is almost certainly cooler than that. I wouldn't think hotter than 3000 K at most.

So, the sun would be more like the blue curve [here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Black_body.svg), while the fire would be more like the red one. (On the scale, visible light is in the range 0.35 (violet) to 0.75 (red) micrometers)

3) Not really; as I said, even the sun's surface is hotter, and it just gets hotter towards the middle. I'd guess the matter at the sun's surface is probably denser than a flame too. So I'd think that the corresponding volume of hot gas from any part of the sun would be a lot hotter.

4) Not really. Stars get their energy from nuclear fusion while fires are chemical energy being released, and these things are on very different orders of magnitude when it comes to energy. But a flame does consist of plasma (very hot gas), which is what stars are made of. (even if stars are much hotter)

3rd degree burns from 200m? Nonsense. There was no charred flesh and bone at 200m.

I think they meant to say 1st degree burns.